Chefs and Head Cooks Direct and may participate in the preparation, seasoning, and cooking of salads, soups, fish, meats, vegetables, desserts, or other foods. May plan and price menu items, order supplies, and keep records and accounts. First-Line Supervisors of Food Preparation and Serving Workers Directly supervise and coordinate activities of workers engaged in preparing and serving food. Cooks, Fast Food Prepare and cook food in a fast food restaurant with a limited menu. Duties of these cooks are limited to preparation of a few basic items and normally involve operating large-volume single-purpose cooking equipment. Cooks, Institution and Cafeteria Prepare and cook large quantities of food for institutions, such as schools, hospitals, or cafeterias. Cooks, Private Household Prepare meals in private homes. Includes personal chefs. Cooks, Restaurant Prepare, season, and cook dishes such as soups, meats, vegetables, or desserts in restaurants. May order supplies, keep records and accounts, price items on menu, or plan menu. Cooks, Short Order Prepare and cook to order a variety of foods that require only a short preparation time. May take orders from customers and serve patrons at counters or tables. Cooks, All Other All cooks not listed separately. Food Preparation Workers Perform a variety of food preparation duties other than cooking, such as preparing cold foods and shellfish, slicing meat, and brewing coffee or tea. Bartenders Mix and serve drinks to patrons, directly or through waitstaff. Combined Food Preparation and Serving Workers, Including Fast Food Perform duties which combine preparing and serving food and nonalcoholic beverages. Counter Attendants, Cafeteria, Food Concession, and Coffee Shop Serve food to diners at counter or from a steam table. Baristas Prepare or serve specialty coffee or other beverages. Serve food such as baked goods or sandwiches to patrons. Waiters and Waitresses Take orders and serve food and beverages to patrons at tables in dining establishment. Food Servers, Nonrestaurant Serve food to individuals outside of a restaurant environment, such as in hotel rooms, hospital rooms, residential care facilities, or cars. Dining Room and Cafeteria Attendants and Bartender Helpers Facilitate food service. Clean tables, remove dirty dishes, replace soiled table linens; set tables; replenish supply of clean linens, silverware, glassware, and dishes; supply service bar with food; and serve items such as water, condiments, and coffee to patrons. Dishwashers Clean dishes, kitchen, food preparation equipment, or utensils. Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop Welcome patrons, seat them at tables or in lounge, and help ensure quality of facilities and service. Food Preparation and Serving Related Workers, All Other All food preparation and serving related workers not listed separately. Banquet Chef Certified Executive Chef (CEC) Chef Chef, Instructor Cook Corporate Executive Chef Executive Chef (Ex Chef) Executive Sous Chef Head Cook Line Cook Cafeteria Manager Dietary Supervisor Food and Nutrition Services Supervisor Food Production Supervisor Food Service Director Food Service Manager Food Service Supervisor Kitchen Manager Kitchen Supervisor Restaurant Manager Cook Crew Member Crew Person Crew Trainer Fry Cook Grill Cook Line Cook Pizza Cook Pizza Maker Prep Cook Cook Cook (Dinner) Cook (Elementary School) Dietary Cook Dinner Cook First Cook Food and Nutrition Services Assistant Food Service Specialist Lead Cook School Cook Certified Personal Chef (CPC) Personal Chef Private Chef Back Line Cook Banquet Cook Breakfast Cook Cook Fry Cook Grill Cook Line Cook Pastry Baker Prep Cook (Preparation Cook) Caterer Cook Deli Cook (Delicatessen Cook) Grill Cook Line Cook Pizza Maker Prep Cook (Preparation Cook) Short Order Cook Snack Bar Cook Deli Clerk (Delicatessen Clerk) Diet Aide Dietary Aide Dietary Assistant Food Preparer Food Service Aide Food Service Worker Nutrition Aide Pantry Cook Slicer Banquet Bartender Bar Captain Bar Manager Bar Supervisor Bartender Mixologist Car Hop Deli Clerk (Delicatessen Clerk) Deli Worker (Delicatessen Worker) Dietary Aide Food Service Assistant Food Service Worker Prep Cook (Preparation Cook) Sandwich Artist School Cafeteria Cook Server Cafe Attendant Cafe Server Cafe Worker Cafeteria Server Cafeteria Worker Crew Member Food Service Assistant Food Service Worker Line Server Server Bar Manager Barista Catering Barista Sales Associate Banquet Server Cocktail Server Food Runner Food Server Restaurant Server Room Service Server Server Waiter Waitress Waitstaff Diet Aide Dietary Aide Dietary Assistant Dietary Service Aide Food Service Assistant Food Service Worker Room Server Room Service Server Server Tray Server Bar Back Bus Boy Bus Person Busboy Dietary Aid Dietary Aide Dining Room Attendant Server Server Assistant Shift Manager Dietary Aide Dish Machine Operator (DMO) Dish Room Worker Dish Technician Dish Washer Dishwasher Kitchen Helper Kitchen Steward Stewarding Supervisor Utility Aide Dining Room Supervisor Greeter Hospitality Coordinator Host Host Coordinator Hostess Banquet Chef Bread and Pastry Baker Cake Froster Cake Icer Cake Maker Cake Mixer Certified Executive Chef (CEC) Chef Chef de Cuisine Chef de Froid Chef Manager Chef, Instructor Chief Cook Chocolatier Confectioner Cook Cook Manager Cooking Chef Corporate Executive Chef Culinary Artist Culinary Chef Culinary Specialist Executive Chef (Ex Chef) Executive Sous Chef Head Baker Head Chef Head Cook Head Pastry Chef Kitchen Chef Kitchen Manager Kitchen Supervisor Line Cook Master Chef Menu Planner Pantry Chef Passenger Vessel Chef Pastry Artist Pastry Cook Pastry Cook Apprentice Personal Chef Pie Maker Salad Chef School Cafeteria Head Cook Second Baker Sous Chef Sushi Chef Wedding Cake Designer Banquet Captain Banquet Stewardess Banquet Supervisor Bar Manager Bartender Manager Cafeteria Manager Cafeteria Supervisor Canteen Manager Captain Cargo Vessel Stewardess Caterer Cocktail Lounge Manager Commissary Production Supervisor Cook Manager Counter Supervisor Crew Chief Crew Leader Culinary Specialist Dairy Bar Manager Dietary Manager Dietary Supervisor Dining Room Captain Dining Room Manager Dining Room Supervisor Fast Food Restaurant Manager Fast Food Services Manager Fast Food Supervisor Flight Kitchen Manager Floor Supervisor Food and Nutrition Services Supervisor Food Beverage Supervisor Food Concession Manager Food Expeditor Food Production Supervisor Food Service Director Food Service Manager Food Service Supervisor Food Service Worker Fountain Manager Fountain Supervisor Head Banquet Waitress Head Silverman Head Waiter Head Waitress Headwaitress Kitchen Manager Kitchen Stewardess Kitchen Supervisor Kitchen Work Supervisor Kosher Dietary Service Manager Kosher Dietary Service Supervisor Lunch Counter Manager Luncheonette Manager Lunchroom Food Service Supervisor Lunchroom Supervisor Motel Food Service Supervisor Railroad Dining Car Stewardess Restaurant Manager Restaurant Shift Supervisor Restaurant Supervisor Room Service Supervisor School Lunch Manager Soda Fountain Manager Stewardess Tea Room Manager Cashier Cook Crew Member Crew Person Crew Trainer Fast Food Cook Fast Food Fry Cook Fry Cook Fryline Attendant Grill Cook Line Cook Pancake Professional Pizza Baker Pizza Chef Pizza Cook Pizza Maker Prep Cook Restaurant Worker Specialty Cook Boarding House Cook Cafeteria Cook Cafeteria Manager Cafeteria Supervisor Camp Cook Cook Cook (Dinner) Cook (Elementary School) Cook at School Cook, Cashier, Food Prep (Cafeteria Worker) Culinary Specialist Diet Kitchen Cook Dietary Cook Dinner Cook First Cook Food and Nutrition Services Assistant Food Service Specialist Galley Cook Institutional Cook Lead Cook Line Cook Main Entree Cook and Cashier Mess Cook PM Head Cook Prep Cook Ranch Cook Roundsman School Cafeteria Cook School Cook Second Cook and Baker Ship's Cook Special Diet Cook Third Cook Vegetables Cook Certified Personal Chef (CPC) Cook Cooking Chef Culinary Worker Household Cook Personal Chef Private Chef Assistant Cook Back Line Cook Banquet Chef Banquet Cook Breakfast Cook Broiler Chef or Cook Chef Chef de Froid Chef De Partie Cook Cook Apprentice Dinner Cook Executive Chef Food Service Worker Foreign Food Specialty Cook Fry Cook Garde Manger Grill Cook Ice Cream Chef Larder Cook Line Cook Lunch Cook Pastry Baker Prep Cook (Preparation Cook) Prep Person Railroad Cook Roundsman Sandwich Artist Saucier Sous Chef Specialty Cook Specialty Foods Cook Station Cook Vegetable Cook Barbecue Cook Bed and Breakfast Cook (B&B Cook) Breakfast Cook Caterer Chef Chuck Wagon Cook Cook Deli Cook (Delicatessen Cook) Food Clerk Griddle Attendant Griddle Cook Grill Associate Grill Attendant Grill Cook Hash Slinger Hasher Line Cook Pizza Cook Pizza Maker Prep Cook (Preparation Cook) Restaurant Worker Sandwich Artist Short Order Cook Short Order Fry Cook Snack Bar Cook Assistant Cook Falafel Cart Cook Fraternity House Cook Cafeteria Aide Carver Caterer Caterer Helper Catering Assistant Chicken and Fish Butcher Coffee Brewer Coffee Maker Cold Meat Cook Crew Mess Attendant Culinary Worker Deli Clerk (Delicatessen Clerk) Deli Slicer Delicatessen Slicer Diet Aide Dietary Aide Dietary Assistant Expeditor Food Handler Food Order Expediter Food Preparation Kitchen Aide Food Preparation Worker Food Preparer Food Server Food Service Aide Food Service Specialist Food Service Worker Food Tray Assembler Fruit and Vegetable Parer Kitchen Clerk Kitchen Food Assembler Kitchen Hand Kitchen Helper Kitchen Lead Kitchen Runner Kitchen Steward Kitchen Utility Associate Line Server Lineman Meat Clerk Mess Attendant Nutrition Aide Nutrition Helper Pantry Cook Pantry Goods Maker Pantry Goods Worker Pantry Worker Parer Pastry Cook Helper Peeler Pie Cutter Produce Production Team Member Raw Shellfish Preparer Restaurant Worker Salad Bar Clerk Sandwich Artist Sandwich Maker Seafood Preparer Slicer Banquet Bartender Bar Attendant Bar Captain Bar Manager Bar Supervisor Bar Tender Barkeep Barkeeper Barmaid Barman Bartender Drink Mixer Mixologist Taproom Attendant Cafe Worker Car Hop Caterer's Aide Caterers Helper Catering Assistant Deli Clerk (Delicatessen Clerk) Deli Cook (Delicatessen Cook) Deli Worker (Delicatessen Worker) Dietary Aide Fast Food Cashier Fast Food Server Fast Food Team Member Fast Food Worker Food Service Assistant Food Service Specialist Food Service Worker Kitchen Food Server Line Server Mess Attendant Oyster Preparer Prep Cook (Preparation Cook) Raw Shellfish Preparer Restaurant Crew Member Restaurant Team Member Restaurant Worker Salad Counter Attendant Sandwich Artist School Cafeteria Cook Server Barista Cafe Attendant Cafe Server Cafe Worker Cafeteria Cook Cafeteria Food Server Cafeteria Server Cafeteria Worker Candy Attendant Candy Bar Attendant Candy Counter Clerk Canteen Operator Cashier Clerk Coffee Attendant Coffee Brewer Coffee Shop or Cafeteria Lunchroom Counter Attendant Concession Attendant Concession Cashier Concession Stand Attendant Concessionaire Cook Counter Clerk Counter Helper Counter Hop Counter Person Counter Server Counter Waiter Counter Waitress/Waiter Crew Member Deli Worker (Delicatessen Worker) Dish Up Person Drive Thru Order Taker Food Counter Worker Food Server Food Service Assistant Food Service Counter Clerk Food Service Order Clerk Food Service Worker Fountain Attendant Fountain Clerk Fountain Dispenser Fountain Helper Fountain Jerk Fountain Operator Fountain Server Fountain Waitress/Waiter Front Counter Attendant Hot Dog Vender Ice Cream Dipper Ice Cream Man Ice Cream Scooper Ice Cream Server Ice Cream Shop Associate Kitchen and Counter Worker (K and C Worker) Line Person Line Server Order Clerk Order Filler Order Taker Popcorn Attendant Restaurant Worker Sandwich Artist Sandwich Counter Attendant Server Snack Bar Attendant Soda Clerk Soda Dispenser Soda Fountain Clerk Soda Fountain Operator Soda Jerker Steam Table Attendant Steam Table Worker Take Out Waiter Take Out Waitress Waiter Waitress Window Clerk Bar Manager Barista Catering Barista Coffee Bar Attendant Coffee Brewer Coffee Maker Coffee Shop Attendant Coffee Sommelier Gourmet Coffee Attendant Sales Associate Banquet Captain Banquet Server Banquet Waiter/Waitress Bar Waiter/Waitress Bartender Buffet Waiter/Waitress Captain Waiter Car Hop Cashier and Waiter/Waitress Club Waiter/Waitress Cocktail Server Cocktail Waitress Deck Steward Dining Car Server Dining Car Waiter/Waitress Dining Room Captain Food and Beverage Server Food Expeditor Food Runner Food Server Formal Waiter/Waitress Head Banquet Waiter/Waitress Headwaiter Headwaitress Hostess Informal Waiter/Waitress Mess Attendant Restaurant Server Room Service Server Room Service Waiter Server Singing Waiter or Waitress Skating Carhop Sommelier Waiter Waiter and Cashier Waitress Waitstaff Waitstaff Captain Wine Steward Wine Steward/Stewardess Boat Hop Car Attendant Car Hop Cotton Candy Maker Curb Attendant Curb Hop Curber Diet Aid Diet Aide Diet Attendant Dietary Aid Dietary Aide Dietary Assistant Dietary Service Aide Dietary Worker Dining Room Coordinator Dining Room Server Food Cart Attendant Food Order Delivery Runner Food Porter Food Runner Food Service Aide Food Service Assistant Food Service Attendant Food Service Hotel Runner Food Service Tray Attendant Food Service Worker Hospital Food Service Worker Hospital Tray Service Worker Hot Dog Vendor Hot Tamale Man Hot Tamale Worker Line Server Outside Food Server Room Attendant Room Server Room Service Bellhop Room Service Clerk Room Service Food Server Room Service Food Service Attendant Room Service Server Room Service Waiter/Waitress Server Teletray Operator Tray Server Tray Service Worker Banquet Houseperson Banquet Set Up Person Bar Attendant Bar Back Barmaid Bartender Helper Beverage Server Breakfast Attendant Breakfast Bar Attendant Buffet Attendant Bus Boy Bus Person Busboy Busser Cafe Helper Cafeteria Aide Cafeteria Assistant Cafeteria Attendant Cafeteria Helper Cafeteria Table Attendant Cafeteria Worker Carry Out Clerk Club Attendant Coffee Attendant Coffee Bar Attendant Counter Supply Worker Dietary Aid Dietary Aide Dining Room Attendant Dining Room Busser Dining Room Helper Dining Room Tables Set Up Attendant Dumb Waiter Operator Floorperson Food Expeditor Food Service Attendant Iceman Kitchen Aide Kitchen Help Handyman Kitchen Helper Line Server Lunchroom Aide Lunchroom Attendant Lunchroom Worker Nutrition Aide Restaurant Worker Room Attendant Server Server Assistant Service Assistant Shift Manager Silver Steward Silver Wrapper Tray Setter Water Attendant Water Carrier Breakdown Person Bus Person Dishwasher Dietary Aide Dish Machine Operator (DMO) Dish Person Dish Room Worker Dish Stacker Dish Technician Dish Washer Dishwasher Dishwashing Machine Operator Glass Washer Kitchen Cleaner Kitchen Helper Kitchen Steward Pan Cleaner Pan Washer Pot Washer Scullion Silver Cleaner Silver Wrapper Silverware Cleaner Steward Stewarding Supervisor Tray Line Worker Tray Room Worker Utility Aide Bar Host Bar Host/Hostess Bar Hostess Bartender Cashier Dining Room Host Dining Room Host/Hostess Dining Room Hostess Dining Room Supervisor Fountain Worker Greeter Hospitality Coordinator Host Host Coordinator Hostess Maitre D' Parlor Chaperone Party Host/Hostess Server Tearoom Host Tearoom Host/Hostess Tearoom Hostess Automat Car Attendant Dietitian Helper Food Aide Food and Beverage Checker Food Mobile Driver Food Order Expediter Galley Boy Galley Worker Kitchen Steward Line Runner Mini Bar Attendant Vending Machine Host/Hostess Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Talking to others to convey information effectively. Using mathematics to solve problems. Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems. Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things. Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action. Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do. Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions. Persuading others to change their minds or behavior. Bringing others together and trying to reconcile differences. Teaching others how to do something. Actively looking for ways to help people. Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Analyzing needs and product requirements to create a design. Generating or adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs. Determining the kind of tools and equipment needed to do a job. Installing equipment, machines, wiring, or programs to meet specifications. Writing computer programs for various purposes. Watching gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly. Controlling operations of equipment or systems. Performing routine maintenance on equipment and determining when and what kind of maintenance is needed. Determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it. Repairing machines or systems using the needed tools. Conducting tests and inspections of products, services, or processes to evaluate quality or performance. Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. Identifying measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the system. Managing one's own time and the time of others. Determining how money will be spent to get the work done, and accounting for these expenditures. Obtaining and seeing to the appropriate use of equipment, facilities, and materials needed to do certain work. Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing. The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand. The ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand. The ability to come up with a number of ideas about a topic (the number of ideas is important, not their quality, correctness, or creativity). The ability to come up with unusual or clever ideas about a given topic or situation, or to develop creative ways to solve a problem. The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem. The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense. The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events). The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations). The ability to generate or use different sets of rules for combining or grouping things in different ways. The ability to choose the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem. The ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide quickly and correctly. The ability to remember information such as words, numbers, pictures, and procedures. The ability to quickly make sense of, combine, and organize information into meaningful patterns. The ability to identify or detect a known pattern (a figure, object, word, or sound) that is hidden in other distracting material. The ability to quickly and accurately compare similarities and differences among sets of letters, numbers, objects, pictures, or patterns. The things to be compared may be presented at the same time or one after the other. This ability also includes comparing a presented object with a remembered object. The ability to know your location in relation to the environment or to know where other objects are in relation to you. The ability to imagine how something will look after it is moved around or when its parts are moved or rearranged. The ability to concentrate on a task over a period of time without being distracted. The ability to shift back and forth between two or more activities or sources of information (such as speech, sounds, touch, or other sources). The ability to keep your hand and arm steady while moving your arm or while holding your arm and hand in one position. The ability to quickly move your hand, your hand together with your arm, or your two hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble objects. The ability to make precisely coordinated movements of the fingers of one or both hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble very small objects. The ability to quickly and repeatedly adjust the controls of a machine or a vehicle to exact positions. The ability to coordinate two or more limbs (for example, two arms, two legs, or one leg and one arm) while sitting, standing, or lying down. It does not involve performing the activities while the whole body is in motion. The ability to choose quickly between two or more movements in response to two or more different signals (lights, sounds, pictures). It includes the speed with which the correct response is started with the hand, foot, or other body part. The ability to time your movements or the movement of a piece of equipment in anticipation of changes in the speed and/or direction of a moving object or scene. The ability to quickly respond (with the hand, finger, or foot) to a signal (sound, light, picture) when it appears. The ability to make fast, simple, repeated movements of the fingers, hands, and wrists. The ability to quickly move the arms and legs. The ability to exert maximum muscle force to lift, push, pull, or carry objects. The ability to use short bursts of muscle force to propel oneself (as in jumping or sprinting), or to throw an object. The ability to exert muscle force repeatedly or continuously over time. This involves muscular endurance and resistance to muscle fatigue. The ability to use your abdominal and lower back muscles to support part of the body repeatedly or continuously over time without 'giving out' or fatiguing. The ability to exert yourself physically over long periods of time without getting winded or out of breath. The ability to bend, stretch, twist, or reach with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to quickly and repeatedly bend, stretch, twist, or reach out with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to coordinate the movement of your arms, legs, and torso together when the whole body is in motion. The ability to keep or regain your body balance or stay upright when in an unstable position. The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer). The ability to see details at a distance. The ability to match or detect differences between colors, including shades of color and brightness. The ability to see under low light conditions. The ability to see objects or movement of objects to one's side when the eyes are looking ahead. The ability to judge which of several objects is closer or farther away from you, or to judge the distance between you and an object. The ability to see objects in the presence of glare or bright lighting. The ability to detect or tell the differences between sounds that vary in pitch and loudness. The ability to focus on a single source of sound in the presence of other distracting sounds. The ability to tell the direction from which a sound originated. The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person. The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you. Monitor and record food temperatures to ensure safety of food. Rotate and store food supplies. Provide customers with directions or answers to questions. Clean and organize eating, service, and kitchen areas and sweep and mop floors. Greet and seat customers. Assist other restaurant workers by serving food and beverages, or by bussing tables. Check quality of foods or supplies. Inspecting equipment, structures, or materials to identify the cause of errors or other problems or defects. Order materials, supplies, or equipment. Monitoring and controlling resources and overseeing the spending of money. Coordinate activities of food service staff. Providing guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance. Inspect facilities, equipment or supplies to ensure conformance to standards. Create new recipes or food presentations. Developing, designing, or creating new applications, ideas, relationships, systems, or products, including artistic contributions. Train food preparation or food service personnel. Identifying the educational needs of others, developing formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaching or instructing others. Estimate supplies, ingredients, or staff requirements for food preparation activities. Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Plan menu options. Determine prices for menu items. Cook foods. Using hands and arms in handling, installing, positioning, and moving materials, and manipulating things. Coordinate timing of food production activities. Perform human resources activities. Recruiting, interviewing, selecting, hiring, and promoting employees in an organization. Plan special events. Developing specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work. Communicate with customers to resolve complaints or ensure satisfaction. Performing for people or dealing directly with the public. This includes serving customers in restaurants and stores, and receiving clients or guests. Schedule equipment maintenance. Scheduling events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others. Record operational or production data. Entering, transcribing, recording, storing, or maintaining information in written or electronic/magnetic form. Manage food service operations or parts of operations. Clean food preparation areas, facilities, or equipment. Performing physical activities that require considerable use of your arms and legs and moving your whole body, such as climbing, lifting, balancing, walking, stooping, and handling of materials. Monitor food services operations to ensure procedures are followed. Monitoring and reviewing information from materials, events, or the environment, to detect or assess problems. Cut cooked or raw foods. Prepare foods for cooking or serving. Balance receipts. Compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating, auditing, or verifying information or data. Maintain food, beverage, or equipment inventories. Present food or beverage information or menus to customers. Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. Assist customers with seating arrangements. Providing personal assistance, medical attention, emotional support, or other personal care to others such as coworkers, customers, or patients. Process customer bills or payments. Performing day-to-day administrative tasks such as maintaining information files and processing paperwork. Schedule dining reservations. Take customer orders. Measure ingredients. Estimating sizes, distances, and quantities; or determining time, costs, resources, or materials needed to perform a work activity. Serve food or beverages. Stock serving stations or dining areas with food or supplies. Prepare breads or doughs. Prepare hot or cold beverages. Mix ingredients. Clean tableware. Compile data or documentation. Store supplies or goods in kitchens or storage areas. Assess equipment functioning. Arrange food for serving. Assist chefs or caterers with food or drink preparation. Operate cash registers. Clean food service areas. Package food or supplies. Remove trash. Move equipment, supplies or food to required locations. Enforce rules or regulations. Arrange tables or dining areas. Communicate dining or order details to kitchen personnel. Providing information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person. Collect dirty dishes or other tableware. Add garnishes to food. Provide customers with general information or assistance. Apple corers Blast chillers Blenders Bone saws Boning knives Box graters Braziers Bread slicers Broilers Cake decorating tools Cappuccino makers Carbonated beverage dispensers Chefs' knives Commercial coffee grinders Commercial coffeemakers Commercial dishwashers Commercial microwave ovens Convection ovens Conveyer ovens Cream whippers Desktop computers Double boilers Dry or liquid measuring cups Electric deep-fat fryers Electric ovens Electric stoves Fire suppression blankets Food dicers Food processors Food shredders Food smokers Fruit zesters Garbage compactors Gas ovens Gas stoves Gas-powered deep-fat fryers Griddles Grills Hot dog cookers Ice shaving or crushing equipment Ice-making machines Infrared heat lamps Instant-read pocket thermometers Juice dispensers Juice extractors Kitchen fire extinguishers Kitchen shears Kitchen tongs Knife sharpeners Laptop computers Mandolines Meat grinders Meat slicers Meat thermometers Melon ballers Mixers Oyster knives Paring knives Parisian cutters Pasta machines Personal computers Pizza ovens Plane graters Portion scales Pressurized steam cookers Refrigerator thermometers Rice cookers Rolling pins Rotisserie units Salamanders Serrated blade knives Sieves Sifters Slicing machines Steam kettles Steam tables Strainers Toasters Vegetable brushes Vegetable peelers Waffle makers Woks ADP eTIME Axxya Systems Nutritionist Pro Barrington Software CookenPro Commercial CostGuard Culinary Software Services ChefTec Delphi Technology EGS CALCMENU EGS F&B Control Email software Food Software.com IPro Restaurant Inventory, Recipe & Menu Software GNOME Gnutrition Google spreadsheet Internet browser software Menu planning software Microsoft Excel Microsoft Office Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Word Nutrition analysis software ReServe Interactive Sage MAS 90 ERP SoftCafe MenuPro Barcode scanners Card readers Cash registers Credit card processing machines Linear imaging scanners Long range charged coupled device CCD barcode scanners Notebook computers Point of sale POS printers Point of sale POS terminals Point of service scanners Point of service workstations Restaurant guest and server paging systems CaterPro CBORD FoodService Suite CBORD Group Menu Management System Compeat Restaurant Accounting Systems Compris Advanced Manager's Workstation Compris software Data entry software IBM Domino Intuit QuickBooks Point of Sale Inventory management software MICROS Systems HSI Profits Series Microsoft Outlook NCR Advanced Checkout Solution NCR NeighborhoodPOS Ordering and purchasing software ParTech PixelPoint POS Point of sale POS software Regnow Chrysanth Inventory Manager Restaurant Operations & Management Spreadsheet Library Sage 50 Accounting SoftCafe ScheduleWriter Spreadsheet software Staff scheduling software The General Store Bakers' peels Deep fat fryers Food scales Food warmers Intercom systems Milkshake and smoothie machines Point of sale POS computer terminals Restaurant blenders Restaurant food processors Soft-serve ice cream machines Touch screen monitors Aldelo Systems Aldelo for Restaurants Pro Foodman Home-Delivery Plexis Software Plexis POS RestaurantPlus PRO Commercial ice cream machines Commercial kitchen convection ovens Commercial kitchen steamers Commercial stand mixers Commercial use combination ovens Conveyor ovens Disposal units Food slicers Rotisserie ovens Tilt skillets IBM Lotus 1-2-3 Meals Plus PCS Revenue Control Systems FASTRAK School Meal Software Word processing software Bakers' knives Basting brushes Bench scrapers Bread knives Butchers' gloves Carving forks Colanders Computer laser printers Corkscrews Countertop microwaves Cutting boards Deep-fat thermometers Digital kitchen timers Digital scales Electric grills Fat skimmers Fish spatulas Frying thermometers Garlic presses Graters Icing piping tips Kitchen rulers Kitchen skillets Kitchen thermometers Knife sharpening tools Labelmakers Ladles Locking tongs Measuring cup sets Measuring spoon sets Meat cleavers Meat forks Metal baking sheets Mixing bowls Muffin pans Nonstick saute pans Offset spatulas Omelet spatulas Oven thermometers Pastry cutters Perforated spoons Potato mashers Poultry basters Saucepans Saute pans Scorers Serrated knives Serving spoons Slotted turners Stand mixers Stockpots Swivel peelers Tablet computers Thumb drives Wire whisks Wooden spoons APPCA Personal Chef Office Cooking e-books Cost tracking software Food inventory software Intuit QuickBooks Web browser software WordPress Work scheduling software YouTube Charbroilers Cimeter knives Filet knives Food slicing machines Food steamers Fryers Gas grills Grinders Meat and cheese slicing machines Meat saws Pasta cookers Rotating rack ovens Salamander ovens Smoking cabinets Utility cutlery Wok ranges Food safety labeling systems Point of sale POS restaurant software Recipe cost control software Hand scanners Handheld calculators Steamers Inventory control software Belt conveyors Brick ovens Cappuccino machines Choppers Coffee brewing machines Coffee grinders Combination slicers/electronic portion scales Commercial cooking ovens Commercial ranges Cotton candy machines Dicers Dishwashing machines Dough mixers Drink dispensers Electric fryers Electric meat and cheese slicers Electric meat grinders Electronic chicken rotisseries Espresso machines Frozen custard machines Frozen drink machines Ice machines Knives Measuring utensils Mixing machines Oriental ranges Point of sale POS interface scales Point of sale POS systems Popcorn machines Pressureless steamers Roasting equipment Snow cone machines Soda machines Thermal label printing scales Tomato slicers CBORD Foodservice Suite CBORD NetRecipe iPro Master Cook Deluxe Professional Cook Mealmaster Cookbook Wizard MicroBlast Recipe Wizard for Windows Recipe software ValuSoft MasterCook 2-prong strainers 3-piece cocktail shakers 4-piece cocktail shakers 4-prong strainers Bar spoons Beverage machines Breathalyzers Cocktail shakers Cocktail strainers Draught foam control devices Drink mixers Electronic beer line maintenance equipment Fruit knives Glass rimmers Glass washers Hawthorn strainers Ice chippers Ice crushers Ice flakers Jiggers Julep strainers Keg-tapping equipment Lime slicers Lime squeezers Martini misters Mixing glasses Mojito machines Muddlers/mixing sticks Olive stuffers Pour spouts Professional juicers Refrigerated liquid recirculation systems Soda dispensers Spirit measures Upright glass washers Zesters AZZ CardFile Focus point of sale POS software Automatic dicers Automatic peelers Automatic slicers Can openers Coffee makers Credit card scanners Deep wells Electric warming tables Food choppers Food conveyor belts Grating equipment Ice cream/yogurt machines Metal ice cream scoops Milk dispensing machines Motorized food transportation carts Non-carbonated beverage dispensers Pastry makers Patty making machines Sanitizing units Scales Slush machines Steam cookers Steam counters Stoves Vertical cutters Menu and nutrition database software Commercial food slicers Commercial glasswashers Commercial kitchen grills Credit card machines Food thermometers Milk frothers Ticket printers Microsoft Windows Bagel cutters Box cutters Commercial kitchen microwave ovens Commercial kitchen toasters Drink blenders Electronic food scales Espresso makers Multi-line telephone systems Panini presses Restaurant dishwashers Restaurant ovens Tea brewers Touch screen registers Wireless telephone headsets Accounting software Alphanumeric paging equipment Carving knives Personal digital assistants PDA Portable bar code scanners Hospitality Control Solutions Aloha Point-of-Sale 10-key calculators Capital Codeworks MenuMax CBORD Nutrition Service Suite Picis CareSuite Dietary Manager Fruit pitters Garbage disposals Glass washing machines Cafe Cartel Systems Automatic dishwashing systems Cleaning mops Digital handheld thermometers Dish drying racks Dish-cleaning brushes Drain racks Electric pallet lifters Funnels Handtrucks Kitchen trash compactors Moving dishwasher belts Pot-washing machines Power washers Temperature indicator strips Three-compartment sinks Avenista Table Reservations GuestBridge Reserve iMagic Restaurant Reservation OpenTable Reservation software Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology. Knowledge of economic and accounting principles and practices, the financial markets, banking and the analysis and reporting of financial data. Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales control systems. Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. Knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel recruitment, selection, training, compensation and benefits, labor relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems. Knowledge of principles and methods for moving people or goods by air, rail, sea, or road, including the relative costs and benefits. Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. Knowledge of techniques and equipment for planting, growing, and harvesting food products (both plant and animal) for consumption, including storage/handling techniques. Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming. Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services. Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models. Knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of houses, buildings, or other structures such as highways and roads. Knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, repair, and maintenance. Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. Knowledge and prediction of physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and applications to understanding fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics, and mechanical, electrical, atomic and sub- atomic structures and processes. Knowledge of the chemical composition, structure, and properties of substances and of the chemical processes and transformations that they undergo. This includes uses of chemicals and their interactions, danger signs, production techniques, and disposal methods. Knowledge of plant and animal organisms, their tissues, cells, functions, interdependencies, and interactions with each other and the environment. Knowledge of human behavior and performance; individual differences in ability, personality, and interests; learning and motivation; psychological research methods; and the assessment and treatment of behavioral and affective disorders. Knowledge of group behavior and dynamics, societal trends and influences, human migrations, ethnicity, cultures and their history and origins. Knowledge of principles and methods for describing the features of land, sea, and air masses, including their physical characteristics, locations, interrelationships, and distribution of plant, animal, and human life. Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures. Knowledge of principles, methods, and procedures for diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of physical and mental dysfunctions, and for career counseling and guidance. Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Knowledge of the structure and content of a foreign (non-English) language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar, and pronunciation. Knowledge of the theory and techniques required to compose, produce, and perform works of music, dance, visual arts, drama, and sculpture. Knowledge of historical events and their causes, indicators, and effects on civilizations and cultures. Knowledge of different philosophical systems and religions. This includes their basic principles, values, ethics, ways of thinking, customs, practices, and their impact on human culture. Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property, and institutions. Knowledge of laws, legal codes, court procedures, precedents, government regulations, executive orders, agency rules, and the democratic political process. Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting, switching, control, and operation of telecommunications systems. Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media. Observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources. Identifying information by categorizing, estimating, recognizing differences or similarities, and detecting changes in circumstances or events. Assessing the value, importance, or quality of things or people. Using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Keeping up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job. Establishing long-range objectives and specifying the strategies and actions to achieve them. Using either control mechanisms or direct physical activity to operate machines or processes (not including computers or vehicles). Running, maneuvering, navigating, or driving vehicles or mechanized equipment, such as forklifts, passenger vehicles, aircraft, or water craft. Using computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information. Providing documentation, detailed instructions, drawings, or specifications to tell others about how devices, parts, equipment, or structures are to be fabricated, constructed, assembled, modified, maintained, or used. Servicing, repairing, adjusting, and testing machines, devices, moving parts, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of mechanical (not electronic) principles. Servicing, repairing, calibrating, regulating, fine-tuning, or testing machines, devices, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of electrical or electronic (not mechanical) principles. Translating or explaining what information means and how it can be used. Developing constructive and cooperative working relationships with others, and maintaining them over time. Convincing others to buy merchandise/goods or to otherwise change their minds or actions. Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. Getting members of a group to work together to accomplish tasks. Encouraging and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members. Identifying the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills. Providing guidance and expert advice to management or other groups on technical, systems-, or process-related topics. Job requires establishing and maintaining personally challenging achievement goals and exerting effort toward mastering tasks. Job requires persistence in the face of obstacles. Job requires a willingness to take on responsibilities and challenges. Job requires a willingness to lead, take charge, and offer opinions and direction. Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-natured, cooperative attitude. Job requires being sensitive to others' needs and feelings and being understanding and helpful on the job. Job requires preferring to work with others rather than alone, and being personally connected with others on the job. Job requires maintaining composure, keeping emotions in check, controlling anger, and avoiding aggressive behavior, even in very difficult situations. Job requires accepting criticism and dealing calmly and effectively with high stress situations. Job requires being open to change (positive or negative) and to considerable variety in the workplace. Job requires being reliable, responsible, and dependable, and fulfilling obligations. Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks. Job requires being honest and ethical. Job requires developing one's own ways of doing things, guiding oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done. Job requires creativity and alternative thinking to develop new ideas for and answers to work-related problems. Job requires analyzing information and using logic to address work-related issues and problems. Occupations that satisfy this work value are results oriented and allow employees to use their strongest abilities, giving them a feeling of accomplishment. Corresponding needs are Ability Utilization and Achievement. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer job security and good working conditions. Corresponding needs are Activity, Compensation, Independence, Security, Variety and Working Conditions. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer advancement, potential for leadership, and are often considered prestigious. Corresponding needs are Advancement, Authority, Recognition and Social Status. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer supportive management that stands behind employees. Corresponding needs are Company Policies, Supervision: Human Relations and Supervision: Technical. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to work on their own and make decisions. Corresponding needs are Creativity, Responsibility and Autonomy. Primary-Rank Descriptiveness Secondary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness Tertiary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness