Lawyers Represent clients in criminal and civil litigation and other legal proceedings, draw up legal documents, or manage or advise clients on legal transactions. May specialize in a single area or may practice broadly in many areas of law. Judicial Law Clerks Assist judges in court or by conducting research or preparing legal documents. Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers Conduct hearings to recommend or make decisions on claims concerning government programs or other government-related matters. Determine liability, sanctions, or penalties, or recommend the acceptance or rejection of claims or settlements. Arbitrators, Mediators, and Conciliators Facilitate negotiation and conflict resolution through dialogue. Resolve conflicts outside of the court system by mutual consent of parties involved. Judges, Magistrate Judges, and Magistrates Arbitrate, advise, adjudicate, or administer justice in a court of law. May sentence defendant in criminal cases according to government statutes or sentencing guidelines. May determine liability of defendant in civil cases. May perform wedding ceremonies. Paralegals and Legal Assistants Assist lawyers by investigating facts, preparing legal documents, or researching legal precedent. Conduct research to support a legal proceeding, to formulate a defense, or to initiate legal action. Court Reporters Use verbatim methods and equipment to capture, store, retrieve, and transcribe pretrial and trial proceedings or other information. Includes stenocaptioners who operate computerized stenographic captioning equipment to provide captions of live or prerecorded broadcasts for hearing-impaired viewers. Title Examiners, Abstractors, and Searchers Search real estate records, examine titles, or summarize pertinent legal or insurance documents or details for a variety of purposes. May compile lists of mortgages, contracts, and other instruments pertaining to titles by searching public and private records for law firms, real estate agencies, or title insurance companies. Legal Support Workers, All Other All legal support workers not listed separately. Assistant Attorney General Assistant Counsel Associate Attorney Attorney Attorney at Law City Attorney Deputy Attorney General General Counsel Lawyer Partner Appellate Law Clerk Career Law Clerk Child Support Officer Clerk to Justice Deputy Clerk Federal Law Clerk Judicial Assistant Judicial Clerk Judicial Law Clerk Law Clerk Adjudicator Administrative Hearing Officer Administrative Judge Administrative Law Judge Appeals Examiner Appeals Referee Claims Adjudicator Hearing Officer Judge Workers' Compensation Hearings Officer Alternative Dispute Resolution Coordinator (ADR Coordinator) Alternative Dispute Resolution Mediator (ADR Mediator) Arbiter Arbitrator Commissioner Family Mediator Federal Mediator Labor Arbitrator Mediator Public Employment Mediator Circuit Court Judge Circuit Judge County Judge Court of Appeals Judge District Court Judge Judge Justice of the Peace Magistrate Municipal Court Judge Superior Court Judge Certified Paralegal Immigration Paralegal Law Clerk Legal Analyst Legal Assistant Legal Clerk Paralegal Paralegal Specialist Real Estate Paralegal Summer Law Associate Certified Shorthand Reporter (CSR) Court Recording Monitor Court Reporter Court Stenographer Deposition Reporter Digital Court Reporter Freelance Court Reporter Official Court Reporter Realtime Court Reporter Stenographer Abstracter Abstractor Commercial Title Examiner Searcher Title Abstractor Title Agent Title Department Manager Title Examiner Title Officer Title Searcher Admiralty Lawyer Agency Legal Counsel Assistant Attorney General Assistant Corporation Counsel Assistant Counsel Assistant County Attorney Assistant District Attorney Assistant Federal Public Defender Assistant Prosecuting Attorney Associate Attorney Associate Counsel Attorney Attorney at Law Attorney General Bar Examiner Barrister Brief Writer Business Lawyer City Attorney City Solicitor Civil Lawyer Civil Rights Attorney Claim Attorney Closing Agent Commonwealth Attorney Consumer Advocate Contracts Attorney Conveyancer Corporate Attorney Corporate Counsel Corporate Counselor Corporate Lawyer Corporation Lawyer Counsel Counselor at Law County Attorney Criminal Defense Lawyer Criminal Justice Lawyer Criminal Lawyer Cyber Legal Advisor Defense Attorney Deputy Attorney General Deputy Chief Counsel Deputy Commonwealth's Attorney Deputy County Attorney Deputy County Counsel Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Divorce Lawyer Document Review Attorney Employment Attorney Entertainment Lawyer Environmental Attorney Environmental Lawyer Estate Conservator Family Lawyer Foreign Law Consultant Foreign Legal Consultant General Counsel General Counselor Health Care Attorney Immigration Attorney Immigration Lawyer Immigration Specialist Insurance Attorney Insurance Counselor Intellectual Property Lawyer Law Writer Lawyer Legal Adviser Legal Arbitrator Legal Consultant Legal Counsel Legal Department Manager Legal Examiner Legal Research Analyst (Lawyer) Legal Researcher Litigation Associate Litigation Attorney Military Lawyer Partner Patent Attorney Patent Lawyer Patent Solicitor Probate Lawyer Prosecutor Public Defender Real Estate Attorney Real Estate Closer Real Estate Lawyer Solicitor Sports Attorney Sports Lawyer Staff Attorney Staff Counsel Tariff Counsel Tax Agent Tax Attorney Tax Lawyer Title Attorney Title Lawyer Trial Attorney Trial Lawyer Appellate Law Clerk Career Law Clerk Chancery Clerk Child Support Officer Clerk to Justice Deputy Clerk Federal Appellate Clerk Federal Appellate Law Clerk Federal Court of Appeals Law Clerk Federal District Clerk Federal District Law Clerk Federal Judicial Law Clerk Federal Law Clerk Judicial Assistant Judicial Clerk Judicial Law Clerk Law Clerk Legal Clerk Principal Law Clerk State Appellate Clerk Adjudicator Administrative Hearing Officer Administrative Judge Administrative Law Judge Appeals Examiner Appeals Officer Appeals Referee Appellate Conferee Arbitrator Claims Adjudicator Claims Examiner Clinical Appeals Reviewer Commissioner County Ordinary Disability Hearing Officer Disciplinary Hearing Officer Employment Program Representative Hearing Examiner Hearing Officer Housing Court Judge Judge Justice of the Peace Legal Activity Adjudicator Ordinary Parole Hearing Officer Referee Social Security Administrative Law Judge Social Services Analyst Surrogate Traffic Court Referee Unemployment Claims Adjudicator US Administrative Law Judge (United States Administrative Law Judge) Veteran Appeals Reviewer Workers' Compensation Claims Examiner Workers' Compensation Commissioner Workers' Compensation Hearings Officer Workers' Compensation Magistrate Workforce Advisor Adjuster Arbitrator Alternative Dispute Resolution Coordinator (ADR Coordinator) Alternative Dispute Resolution Mediator (ADR Mediator) Arbiter Arbitrator Arbitrator, Mediator and Hearing Officer Certified Family Mediator Commissioner Conciliator Conflict Resolution Professional Consul Contract Negotiator Contracts Specialist Court Commissioner Death Clearance Coordinator Dispute Coordinator Dispute Resolution Specialist Divorce Mediator Environmental Conflict Manager Facilitator Family Mediator Federal Mediation Commissioner Federal Mediator Hostage Negotiator Labor Arbitrator Labor Arbitrator, Hearing Office Labor Mediator Legal Mediator Mediation Commissioner Mediator Ombudsman Public Employment Mediator Public Policy Associate Public Policy Coordinator Public Policy Manager Public Policy Mediator Service Coordinator Workers' Compensation Mediator Administrative Court Justice Appeals Court Associate Justice Appellate Court Judge Associate Justice Associate Juvenile Court Judge Ballot Processing Judge Bankruptcy Judge Chief Judge Circuit Court Judge Circuit Court Magistrate Circuit Judge City Magistrate County Court Judge County Judge Court Magistrate Court of Appeals Judge Criminal Court Judge Criminal Judge Deputy Chief Magistrate District Associate Judge District Court Judge District Court Justice Election Judge Federal Judge General Magistrate Immigration Judge Judge Jurist Justice Justice of the Peace Juvenile Court Judge Legal Referee Magisterial District Judge Magistrate Magistrate Judge Master in Chancery Municipal Court Judge Municipal Court Magistrate Police Judge Police Justice Police Magistrate Presiding Judge Probate Judge Superior Court Judge Superior Court Justice Town Justice Trial Court Judge Trial Court Justice Trial Judge Trial Justice Tribal Judge Assistant Paralegal Attorney Law Clerk Bankruptcy Assistant Certified Paralegal Child Support Specialist Closing Agent Complex Commercial Litigation Paralegal Contract Preparer Contracts Specialist Corporate Law Assistant Corporate Legal Assistant Corporate Paralegal Document Processor Eviction Specialist Immigration Paralegal Immigration Specialist Intellectual Property Paralegal Judicial Assistant Labor And Employment Certified Paralegal Law Clerk Legal Administrative Assistant Legal Aide Legal Analyst Legal Assistant Legal Clerk Legal Investigator Legal Paraprofessional Legal Researcher Litigation Legal Assistant Litigation Paralegal Paralegal Paralegal Specialist Patent Agent Principal Law Clerk Probate Paralegal Real Estate Closer Real Estate Paralegal Research Analyst Research Attorney Staff Attorney Summer Clerk Summer Law Associate Title Curator Trademark Paralegal Caption Writer Certified Shorthand Reporter (CSR) Chancery Clerk Court Monitor Court Recorder Court Recording Monitor Court Reporter Court Stenographer Court Transcriber Data Transcriber Deposition Reporter Digital Court Reporter District Court Reporter Electronic Court Recorder Freelance Court Reporter Freelance Court Stenographer Freelance Operator Hearings Reporter Judicial Reporter Official Court Reporter Print Shop Stenographer Realtime Captioner Realtime Court Reporter Roving Court Reporter Shorthand Reporter Stenocaptioner Stenographer Stenographic Court Reporter Stenotype Operator Text Transcriber Transcript Clerk Voice Writing Reporter Abstract Clerk Abstract Searcher Abstract Writer Abstracter Abstractor Commercial Title Examiner Data Abstractor Escrow Officer Land Examiner Land Title Examiner Lease Examiner Legal Instruments Examiner Lien Searcher Record Searcher Searcher Title Abstractor Title Agent Title Assistant Title Checker Title Clerk Title Closer Title Department Manager Title Examiner Title Inspector Title Investigator Title Officer Title Processor Title Searcher Title Supervisor Transaction Coordinator Transaction Manager Advocate Brief Writer Case Briefer Closer Contract Clerk Escrow Closer Escrow Officer Friend of the Court Juror Law Examiner Law Researcher Legal Administrator Legal Research Analyst Legal Technician Legislative Aide Legislative Assistant Life Care Planner Patent Examiner Patent Searcher Tariff Expert Trial Examiner Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Talking to others to convey information effectively. Using mathematics to solve problems. Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems. Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things. Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action. Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do. Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions. Persuading others to change their minds or behavior. Bringing others together and trying to reconcile differences. Teaching others how to do something. Actively looking for ways to help people. Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Analyzing needs and product requirements to create a design. Generating or adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs. Determining the kind of tools and equipment needed to do a job. Installing equipment, machines, wiring, or programs to meet specifications. Writing computer programs for various purposes. Watching gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly. Controlling operations of equipment or systems. Performing routine maintenance on equipment and determining when and what kind of maintenance is needed. Determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it. Repairing machines or systems using the needed tools. Conducting tests and inspections of products, services, or processes to evaluate quality or performance. Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. Identifying measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the system. Managing one's own time and the time of others. Determining how money will be spent to get the work done, and accounting for these expenditures. Obtaining and seeing to the appropriate use of equipment, facilities, and materials needed to do certain work. Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing. The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand. The ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand. The ability to come up with a number of ideas about a topic (the number of ideas is important, not their quality, correctness, or creativity). The ability to come up with unusual or clever ideas about a given topic or situation, or to develop creative ways to solve a problem. The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem. The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense. The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events). The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations). The ability to generate or use different sets of rules for combining or grouping things in different ways. The ability to choose the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem. The ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide quickly and correctly. The ability to remember information such as words, numbers, pictures, and procedures. The ability to quickly make sense of, combine, and organize information into meaningful patterns. The ability to identify or detect a known pattern (a figure, object, word, or sound) that is hidden in other distracting material. The ability to quickly and accurately compare similarities and differences among sets of letters, numbers, objects, pictures, or patterns. The things to be compared may be presented at the same time or one after the other. This ability also includes comparing a presented object with a remembered object. The ability to know your location in relation to the environment or to know where other objects are in relation to you. The ability to imagine how something will look after it is moved around or when its parts are moved or rearranged. The ability to concentrate on a task over a period of time without being distracted. The ability to shift back and forth between two or more activities or sources of information (such as speech, sounds, touch, or other sources). The ability to keep your hand and arm steady while moving your arm or while holding your arm and hand in one position. The ability to quickly move your hand, your hand together with your arm, or your two hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble objects. The ability to make precisely coordinated movements of the fingers of one or both hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble very small objects. The ability to quickly and repeatedly adjust the controls of a machine or a vehicle to exact positions. The ability to coordinate two or more limbs (for example, two arms, two legs, or one leg and one arm) while sitting, standing, or lying down. It does not involve performing the activities while the whole body is in motion. The ability to choose quickly between two or more movements in response to two or more different signals (lights, sounds, pictures). It includes the speed with which the correct response is started with the hand, foot, or other body part. The ability to time your movements or the movement of a piece of equipment in anticipation of changes in the speed and/or direction of a moving object or scene. The ability to quickly respond (with the hand, finger, or foot) to a signal (sound, light, picture) when it appears. The ability to make fast, simple, repeated movements of the fingers, hands, and wrists. The ability to quickly move the arms and legs. The ability to exert maximum muscle force to lift, push, pull, or carry objects. The ability to use short bursts of muscle force to propel oneself (as in jumping or sprinting), or to throw an object. The ability to exert muscle force repeatedly or continuously over time. This involves muscular endurance and resistance to muscle fatigue. The ability to use your abdominal and lower back muscles to support part of the body repeatedly or continuously over time without 'giving out' or fatiguing. The ability to exert yourself physically over long periods of time without getting winded or out of breath. The ability to bend, stretch, twist, or reach with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to quickly and repeatedly bend, stretch, twist, or reach out with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to coordinate the movement of your arms, legs, and torso together when the whole body is in motion. The ability to keep or regain your body balance or stay upright when in an unstable position. The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer). The ability to see details at a distance. The ability to match or detect differences between colors, including shades of color and brightness. The ability to see under low light conditions. The ability to see objects or movement of objects to one's side when the eyes are looking ahead. The ability to judge which of several objects is closer or farther away from you, or to judge the distance between you and an object. The ability to see objects in the presence of glare or bright lighting. The ability to detect or tell the differences between sounds that vary in pitch and loudness. The ability to focus on a single source of sound in the presence of other distracting sounds. The ability to tell the direction from which a sound originated. The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person. The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you. Negotiate contractual agreements. Work in environmental law, representing the state, federal agencies, public interest groups, waste disposal companies, or construction firms. Schedule hearings. Issue arrest warrants. Investigate facts and law of cases and search pertinent sources, such as public records and internet sources, to determine causes of action and to prepare cases. Log and store exhibits from court proceedings. Proofread transcripts for correct spelling of words. Type court orders for judges. Prepare legal documents. Entering, transcribing, recording, storing, or maintaining information in written or electronic/magnetic form. Provide legal advice to clients. Providing guidance and expert advice to management or other groups on technical, systems-, or process-related topics. Identify implications for cases from legal precedents or other legal information. Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Represent the interests of clients in legal proceedings. Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. Interview claimants to get information related to legal proceedings. Observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources. Research relevant legal materials to aid decision making. Meet with individuals involved in legal processes to provide information and clarify issues. Providing information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person. Prepare documentation of legal proceedings. Arbitrate disputes between parties to resolve legal conflicts. Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. Evaluate information related to legal matters in public or personal records. Supervise activities of other legal personnel. Providing guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance. Draft legislation or regulations. Establishing long-range objectives and specifying the strategies and actions to achieve them. Record information from legal proceedings. Direct courtroom activities or procedures. Confer with court staff to clarify information. Maintain the order of legal documents. Coordinate legal schedules or activities. Administer oaths to court participants. Performing day-to-day administrative tasks such as maintaining information files and processing paperwork. Prepare written decisions for legal proceedings. Authorize payments to settle legal disputes. Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Make decisions in legal cases. Conduct hearings to investigate legal issues. Rule on admissibility of legal proceedings. Compact disk CD recorders Computer data input scanners Desktop computers Digital photocopiers Digital video disk DVD recorders Laptop computers Liquid crystal display LCD projectors Optical character readers Overhead projectors Personal computers Personal digital assistants PDA Universal serial bus USB flash drives Abacus Data Systems AbacusLaw ADC Legal Systems Perfect Practice ADERANT Expert Matter Center Adobe Systems Adobe Acrobat Advanced Technologies Class Act AdvantageLaw WinVantage Anacomp CaseLogistix Argosy Legal Systems Power Closer Best Case Solutions Best Case Bankruptcy BQE Software BillQuick Bridgeway eCounsel Canyon Solutions Jcats Captaris Alchemy Catalyst Repository Systems CatalystCR Catalyst Repository Systems CatalystDR Catalyst Repository Systems CatalystXE Chesapeake Interlink Needles Client Profiles Case Management Cobblestone Systems Contract Insight Compugov DocketView CompuLaw Vision Computer Sciences Corporation Legal Solutions Suite Constellation Justice Systems CourtView Convex FactLogic Corel WordPerfect Corporate Focus Solium Shareworks Corporatek EnAct Platinum Creative Data Solutions DuProcess CrimeCog Technologies E*Justice Crocodile Consulting Traffic Control CT hCue CT Summation iBlaze Customer Expressions i-Sight CyberDyne Industries CaseWizard DATAssimilate Systems DATAssimilator De Novo Systems De Novo CaseMgr Diarymaster Direct Hit Systems THREADS DPS Software General Litigation Eclipse Legal Systems Proclaim Economic Analysis Group CaseTrack eLawSoftware Equative TimeLedger ERP software ESI Software ESILAW Fastcase FTI Ringtail Legal Fund accounting software Gavel & Gown Software Amicus Attorney Genlex CaseAce Google Analytics HiPerSoft Practice Information Powertool I-many Contract Management IBM Federated Records Management IDEA TrialPro Immigrant Software Immigrant Professional inData TrialDirector Interwoven RecordsManager Iron Mountain Accutrac Juris Justice Systems FullCourt Enterprise Lawex TrialWorks LawLogix Edge Legal Files Software LegalEdge Law Firm Suite Levare Center Court LexisNexis LexisNexis CaseMap LexisNexis HotDocs LexisNexis Lexis Back Office LexisNexis Lexis Front Office LexisNexis PCLaw LexisNexis Shepard's Citations Service LT Online Corporation LAWTRAC Lucid IQ CMP Microsoft Access Microsoft Excel Microsoft Office Microsoft Office SharePoint Server MOSS Microsoft Outlook Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Publisher Microsoft Word NetDocuments Nolo Quicken Legal Business Pro Novell GroupWise Nuance PaperPort Professional OpenText eDOCS DM Orion Law Management Systems Orion PerfectLaw All-in-One Suite Practice Technology Prevail ProCAT Denoto ProDoc Saga Practice Manager Sage Timeslips SAP Selectica Contract Performance Management SMEsource BillingOrchard Software Technology Tabs3 Solution Specialties TRACKER SUSTAIN Justice Edition Synaptec LawBase Case Management Synergy International Systems Synergy CaseTrack Tabs3 PracticeMaster Tax software Technovation Software ImmigrationPro Thomson Elite ProLaw Thomson Elite ProLaw READY Thomson West Cowles Estate Practice System Thomson West WestlawPRO TimePro Legal Software TimePro TimeSolv Legal TopDogLegal Upside Software UpsideContract Verdict Systems Sanction Virtual Case Management Visionary Legal Technologies Visionary Professional WealthCounsel WealthDocs Web browser software WebEx WebOffice Woll2Woll InfoPower Studio Wolters Kluwer Loislaw World Software Corporation WORLDOX WorthMORE Software CaseWORTH Computer inkjet printers Computer laser printers Document scanners Laser facsimile machines Photocopying equipment Tablet computers Aderant CompuLaw American Legalnet eDockets American Legalnet Smart Dockets Corel Office Corel WordPerfect Office Suite Infocom JACS Legal Files software LexisNexis CourtLink Strategic Profiles LexisNexis Lexis Advance LexisNexis Smartlinx New Dawn Technologies JustWare Court Oracle JavaServer Pages JSP PTS Solutions WinJuris Court Solutions Public Access to Court Electronic Records (PACER) Syscon Court Clerk Thomson Reuters Elite ProLaw Thomson Reuters WestlawNext Courtroom microphones Digital audio recorders Digital video players Gavels Multiline telephone systems Teleconferencing equipment Videoconferencing equipment Courtroom scheduling software Email software Instant messaging software Online databases Thomson Reuters WestLaw Videoconferencing software Word processing software Multi-line telephone systems Notebook computers Scheduling software Image scanners Optical character recognition equipment Photocopiers Scanners a la mode WinTOTAL Accutrac Records Management Software American LegalNet USCourtForms Appligent Citation FDFMerge Blumberg Drafting Libaries Bowne JFS Litigator's Notebook Case analysis software CaseSoft DepPrep CaseSoft TextMap CaseSoft TimeMap Computer access catalog software Dataflight Concordance Dataflight Opticon Digital contract software Document management system software dtSearch Electronic discovery software Electronic transcription management software eTrac FindForms FindLaw Code of Federal Regulations CFR IBM Notes Inmagic DB/TextWorks IntelliPDF CURVES Legal document software LexisNexis Applied Discovery LexisNexis CheckCite LexisNexis CodeMaster LexisNexis Company Analyzer LexisNexis File and Serve LexisNexis SmartLinx LexisNexis Time Matters LexisNexis Total Search Litigation support software OmniRIM Records Management Suite Online database search and retrieval software Online public records search software Online title search and property report software Optical character recognition OCR software Ovid SilverPlatter WebSPIRS PDF Snake Easy Bates Practice management software PMS ProForce Paralegal Pro-Pack Records management software Relational database software Software Technology PracticeMaster Spreadsheet software Summation Blaze Sure Will Writer The Sackett Group MacPac for Legal THOMAS Global Register Thomson Reuters LiveNote Stream Thomson Saegis Thomson West FindLaw Thomson West ProLaw Tumbleweed SecureTransport Uniscribe Westlaw Westlaw Real Property Deed Images Wilson's Computer Applications RealEasy Appraisals Zylab ZyImage Audio tape recorders Dictation equipment Stenomasks Stenotype machines Acclaim Legal Acclaim DepoManage Acculaw Court Reporters Billing Scheduling Job Management System ABSMS Advantage Software Total Eclipse AudioScribe SpeechCAT Chase Software Solutions Court Reporting Software Cheetah International SmartCAT Courtpages Courtroom Data Solutions Techlennium Electronic Transcript Software ProTEXT ForTheRecord TheRecord Player Gigatron StenoCAT HTH Engineering Start-Stop PowerPlay Nuance Dragon NaturallySpeaking OMTI ReporterBase ProCAT Winner ReporterWorks Stenograph Case CATalyst Stenovations Digital CAT Thomson West LiveNote VocEdit 10-key calculators Contact management software Data Trace Title IQ File management software First American Data Tree Parcel IQ GATORS ANYWHERE Geographic information system GIS databases Landtitle USA Microsoft Internet Explorer Property Insight TitlePoint PropertyInfo SureClose RamQuest Total Solution SoftPro SoftPro ProForm Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology. Knowledge of economic and accounting principles and practices, the financial markets, banking and the analysis and reporting of financial data. Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales control systems. Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. Knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel recruitment, selection, training, compensation and benefits, labor relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems. Knowledge of principles and methods for moving people or goods by air, rail, sea, or road, including the relative costs and benefits. Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. Knowledge of techniques and equipment for planting, growing, and harvesting food products (both plant and animal) for consumption, including storage/handling techniques. Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming. Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services. Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models. Knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of houses, buildings, or other structures such as highways and roads. Knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, repair, and maintenance. Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. Knowledge and prediction of physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and applications to understanding fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics, and mechanical, electrical, atomic and sub- atomic structures and processes. Knowledge of the chemical composition, structure, and properties of substances and of the chemical processes and transformations that they undergo. This includes uses of chemicals and their interactions, danger signs, production techniques, and disposal methods. Knowledge of plant and animal organisms, their tissues, cells, functions, interdependencies, and interactions with each other and the environment. Knowledge of human behavior and performance; individual differences in ability, personality, and interests; learning and motivation; psychological research methods; and the assessment and treatment of behavioral and affective disorders. Knowledge of group behavior and dynamics, societal trends and influences, human migrations, ethnicity, cultures and their history and origins. Knowledge of principles and methods for describing the features of land, sea, and air masses, including their physical characteristics, locations, interrelationships, and distribution of plant, animal, and human life. Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures. Knowledge of principles, methods, and procedures for diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of physical and mental dysfunctions, and for career counseling and guidance. Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Knowledge of the structure and content of a foreign (non-English) language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar, and pronunciation. Knowledge of the theory and techniques required to compose, produce, and perform works of music, dance, visual arts, drama, and sculpture. Knowledge of historical events and their causes, indicators, and effects on civilizations and cultures. Knowledge of different philosophical systems and religions. This includes their basic principles, values, ethics, ways of thinking, customs, practices, and their impact on human culture. Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property, and institutions. Knowledge of laws, legal codes, court procedures, precedents, government regulations, executive orders, agency rules, and the democratic political process. Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting, switching, control, and operation of telecommunications systems. Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media. Monitoring and reviewing information from materials, events, or the environment, to detect or assess problems. Identifying information by categorizing, estimating, recognizing differences or similarities, and detecting changes in circumstances or events. Inspecting equipment, structures, or materials to identify the cause of errors or other problems or defects. Estimating sizes, distances, and quantities; or determining time, costs, resources, or materials needed to perform a work activity. Assessing the value, importance, or quality of things or people. Compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating, auditing, or verifying information or data. Using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Developing, designing, or creating new applications, ideas, relationships, systems, or products, including artistic contributions. Keeping up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job. Scheduling events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others. Developing specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work. Performing physical activities that require considerable use of your arms and legs and moving your whole body, such as climbing, lifting, balancing, walking, stooping, and handling of materials. Using hands and arms in handling, installing, positioning, and moving materials, and manipulating things. Using either control mechanisms or direct physical activity to operate machines or processes (not including computers or vehicles). Running, maneuvering, navigating, or driving vehicles or mechanized equipment, such as forklifts, passenger vehicles, aircraft, or water craft. Using computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information. Providing documentation, detailed instructions, drawings, or specifications to tell others about how devices, parts, equipment, or structures are to be fabricated, constructed, assembled, modified, maintained, or used. Servicing, repairing, adjusting, and testing machines, devices, moving parts, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of mechanical (not electronic) principles. Servicing, repairing, calibrating, regulating, fine-tuning, or testing machines, devices, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of electrical or electronic (not mechanical) principles. Translating or explaining what information means and how it can be used. Developing constructive and cooperative working relationships with others, and maintaining them over time. Providing personal assistance, medical attention, emotional support, or other personal care to others such as coworkers, customers, or patients. Convincing others to buy merchandise/goods or to otherwise change their minds or actions. Performing for people or dealing directly with the public. This includes serving customers in restaurants and stores, and receiving clients or guests. Getting members of a group to work together to accomplish tasks. Encouraging and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members. Identifying the educational needs of others, developing formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaching or instructing others. Identifying the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills. Recruiting, interviewing, selecting, hiring, and promoting employees in an organization. Monitoring and controlling resources and overseeing the spending of money. Job requires establishing and maintaining personally challenging achievement goals and exerting effort toward mastering tasks. Job requires persistence in the face of obstacles. Job requires a willingness to take on responsibilities and challenges. Job requires a willingness to lead, take charge, and offer opinions and direction. Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-natured, cooperative attitude. Job requires being sensitive to others' needs and feelings and being understanding and helpful on the job. Job requires preferring to work with others rather than alone, and being personally connected with others on the job. Job requires maintaining composure, keeping emotions in check, controlling anger, and avoiding aggressive behavior, even in very difficult situations. Job requires accepting criticism and dealing calmly and effectively with high stress situations. Job requires being open to change (positive or negative) and to considerable variety in the workplace. Job requires being reliable, responsible, and dependable, and fulfilling obligations. Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks. Job requires being honest and ethical. Job requires developing one's own ways of doing things, guiding oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done. Job requires creativity and alternative thinking to develop new ideas for and answers to work-related problems. Job requires analyzing information and using logic to address work-related issues and problems. Occupations that satisfy this work value are results oriented and allow employees to use their strongest abilities, giving them a feeling of accomplishment. Corresponding needs are Ability Utilization and Achievement. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer job security and good working conditions. Corresponding needs are Activity, Compensation, Independence, Security, Variety and Working Conditions. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer advancement, potential for leadership, and are often considered prestigious. Corresponding needs are Advancement, Authority, Recognition and Social Status. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer supportive management that stands behind employees. Corresponding needs are Company Policies, Supervision: Human Relations and Supervision: Technical. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to work on their own and make decisions. Corresponding needs are Creativity, Responsibility and Autonomy. Primary-Rank Descriptiveness Secondary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness Tertiary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness