Substance Abuse and Behavioral Disorder Counselors Counsel and advise individuals with alcohol, tobacco, drug, or other problems, such as gambling and eating disorders. May counsel individuals, families, or groups or engage in prevention programs. Educational, Guidance, School, and Vocational Counselors Counsel individuals and provide group educational and vocational guidance services. Marriage and Family Therapists Diagnose and treat mental and emotional disorders, whether cognitive, affective, or behavioral, within the context of marriage and family systems. Apply psychotherapeutic and family systems theories and techniques in the delivery of services to individuals, couples, and families for the purpose of treating such diagnosed nervous and mental disorders. Mental Health Counselors Counsel with emphasis on prevention. Work with individuals and groups to promote optimum mental and emotional health. May help individuals deal with issues associated with addictions and substance abuse; family, parenting, and marital problems; stress management; self-esteem; and aging. Rehabilitation Counselors Counsel individuals to maximize the independence and employability of persons coping with personal, social, and vocational difficulties that result from birth defects, illness, disease, accidents, or the stress of daily life. Coordinate activities for residents of care and treatment facilities. Assess client needs and design and implement rehabilitation programs that may include personal and vocational counseling, training, and job placement. Counselors, All Other All counselors not listed separately. Child, Family, and School Social Workers Provide social services and assistance to improve the social and psychological functioning of children and their families and to maximize the family well-being and the academic functioning of children. May assist parents, arrange adoptions, and find foster homes for abandoned or abused children. In schools, they address such problems as teenage pregnancy, misbehavior, and truancy. May also advise teachers. Healthcare Social Workers Provide individuals, families, and groups with the psychosocial support needed to cope with chronic, acute, or terminal illnesses. Services include advising family care givers, providing patient education and counseling, and making referrals for other services. May also provide care and case management or interventions designed to promote health, prevent disease, and address barriers to access to healthcare. Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers Assess and treat individuals with mental, emotional, or substance abuse problems, including abuse of alcohol, tobacco, and/or other drugs. Activities may include individual and group therapy, crisis intervention, case management, client advocacy, prevention, and education. Social Workers, All Other All social workers not listed separately. Health Educators Provide and manage health education programs that help individuals, families, and their communities maximize and maintain healthy lifestyles. Collect and analyze data to identify community needs prior to planning, implementing, monitoring, and evaluating programs designed to encourage healthy lifestyles, policies, and environments. May serve as a resource to assist individuals, other healthcare workers, or the community, and may administer fiscal resources for health education programs. Probation Officers and Correctional Treatment Specialists Provide social services to assist in rehabilitation of law offenders in custody or on probation or parole. Make recommendations for actions involving formulation of rehabilitation plan and treatment of offender, including conditional release and education and employment stipulations. Social and Human Service Assistants Assist in providing client services in a wide variety of fields, such as psychology, rehabilitation, or social work, including support for families. May assist clients in identifying and obtaining available benefits and social and community services. May assist social workers with developing, organizing, and conducting programs to prevent and resolve problems relevant to substance abuse, human relationships, rehabilitation, or dependent care. Community Health Workers Assist individuals and communities to adopt healthy behaviors. Conduct outreach for medical personnel or health organizations to implement programs in the community that promote, maintain, and improve individual and community health. May provide information on available resources, provide social support and informal counseling, advocate for individuals and community health needs, and provide services such as first aid and blood pressure screening. May collect data to help identify community health needs. Community and Social Service Specialists, All Other All community and social service specialists not listed separately. Clergy Conduct religious worship and perform other spiritual functions associated with beliefs and practices of religious faith or denomination. Provide spiritual and moral guidance and assistance to members. Directors, Religious Activities and Education Plan, direct, or coordinate programs designed to promote the religious education or activities of a denominational group. May provide counseling and guidance relative to marital, health, financial, and religious problems. Religious Workers, All Other All religious workers not listed separately. Addictions Counselor Case Manager Chemical Dependency Counselor (CD Counselor) Chemical Dependency Professional Clinical Counselor Correctional Substance Abuse Counselor Counselor Drug and Alcohol Treatment Specialist (DATS) Prevention Specialist Substance Abuse Counselor (SA Counselor) Academic Advisor Academic Counselor Advisor Career Center Director Career Counselor Career Services Director College Counselor Counselor Guidance Counselor School Counselor Advanced Clinical Specialist Clinical Services Director Clinical Therapist Clinician Counselor Family Therapist Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT) Psychotherapist Therapist Behavior Analyst Behavior Support Specialist (BSS) Case Manager Clinician Correctional Counselor Counselor Mental Health Counselor Mental Health Specialist Mental Health Therapist Therapist Case Manager Human Services Care Specialist Job Coach Program Coordinator Program Specialist Rehabilitation Counselor Rehabilitation Specialist Vocational Case Manager Vocational Placement Specialist Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor (VCR) Case Manager Case Worker Caseworker Child Protective Services Social Worker (CPS Social Worker) Family Protection Specialist Family Service Worker Foster Care Social Worker School Social Worker Social Worker Youth Services Specialist Clinical Social Worker Dialysis Social Worker Director of Social Work Hospice Social Worker Medical Social Worker Nephrology Social Worker Oncology Social Worker Renal Social Worker Social Work Case Manager Social Worker Case Manager Clinical Social Worker Clinical Therapist Clinician Counselor Mental Health Therapist Psychotherapist Social Worker Substance Abuse Counselor Therapist Certified Diabetes Educator Child Development Specialist Clinical Instructor Clinical Nurse Educator Community Health Consultant Community Health Education Coordinator Education Coordinator Health Educator Health Promotion Specialist Public Health Educator Adult Probation Officer Correctional Counselor Deputy Juvenile Officer Deputy Probation Officer (DPO) Juvenile Probation Officer Parole Agent Parole Officer Probation and Parole Officer Probation Counselor Probation Officer Advocate Caseworker Community Coordinator Family Support Worker Home based Assistant Human Services Program Specialist Mental Health Technician Outreach Specialist Social Services Assistant Social Work Associate Apprise Counselor Assistant Director of Nutrition and Wellness Programs Chief Program Officer Community Health Outreach Worker Community Health Program Coordinator Community Health Program Representative (Community Health Program Rep) Community Health Promoter Community Health Worker (CHW) Community Nutrition Educator HIV CTS Specialist (Human Immunodeficiency Virus Counseling and Testing Services Specialist) Catholic Priest Children's Minister Confessor Congregational Care Pastor Minister Missionary Coordinator Pastor Priest Rabbi Rector Adult Ministries Director Children's Ministries Director Christian Education Director Religious Education Coordinator Religious Education Director Senior Adults Director Student Ministries Director Women's Ministry Director Youth Director Youth Ministry Director Addiction Therapist Addictions Counselor Alcohol and Drug Counselor Alcoholic Counselor Assessment Specialist Behavior Therapist Behavioral Analyst Behavioral Specialist Behavioral Therapist Case Manager Certified Abuse and Drug Addiction Counselor Certified Alcohol and Drug Counselor (ADAC) Certified Alcohol Counselor Certified Alcohol Drug Counselor (CADC) Certified Drug and Alcohol Counselor Certified Drug Counselor Certified Substance Abuse Counselor Chemical Dependency Counselor (CD Counselor) Chemical Dependency Professional Clinical Counselor Clinician Correctional Substance Abuse Counselor Counselor Direct Care Counselor Domestic Violence Advocate Domestic Violence Counselor Drug Abuse Counselor Drug Abuse Technician Drug and Alcohol Treatment Specialist (DATS) Drug or Alcohol Abuse Human Relations Counselor Group Counselor Group Home Counselor Licensed Clinician Licensed Social Worker Prevention Specialist Primary Substance Abuse Counselor Primary Therapist Psychotherapist Quitline Counselor Residential Substance Abuse Counselor Student Assistance Counselor (SAC) Substance Abuse Counselor (SA Counselor) Substance Abuse Technician Treatment Coordinator Academic Advisement Director Academic Adviser Academic Advising Director Academic Advisor Academic Coordinator Academic Counselor Admissions Advisor Admissions Counselor Admissions Director Adolescent Counselor Adult Education Teacher Adult School Counselor Adviser Advisor Articulation Officer Assessment Coordinator Assessment Specialist Career Advisor Career Center Director Career Coach Career Consultant Career Coordinator Career Counselor Career Developer Career Development Consultant Career Development Counselor Career Development Director Career Development Facilitator Career Development Specialist Career Guidance Counselor Career Services Coordinator Career Services Director Career Technical Counselor Career Transition Specialist Child Guidance Counselor College Counselor College Recruiter Comprehensive Advisor Cooperative Education Director Counseling Department Chair Counseling Director Counselor Counselor Supervisor Curriculum Counselor Dean Dean of Student Services Dean of Students Director Career Services Director of Counseling Director of Guidance Director of Guidance in Public Schools Director of Vocational Guidance Disability Services Coordinator Education Coordinator Education Counselor Educational Adviser Educational Advisor Educational Director Educational Guidance Counselor Educator Elementary School Counselor Employment Case Manager Employment Coach Employment Coordinator Employment Counselor Employment Specialist Employment Trainer Employment Training Specialist Enrollment Counselor Extension Course Counselor Financial Aid Counselor Financial Aid Director Foreign Student Adviser Future Farmers of America Advisor (FFA Advisor) Guidance Adviser Guidance Counselor Guidance Director Guidance Services Coordinator High School Counselor High School Guidance Counselor Housing and Residence Life Director International Student Counselor Internship Coordinator Job Coach Job Developer Job Placement Counselor Learning Specialist Life Skills Coach Mental Health Counselor Middle School Counselor Nurses' Association Counselor Offender Employment Specialist (OES) Offender Job Retention Specialist Offender Workforce Development Program Manager (OWDPM) Offender Workforce Development Specialist (OWDS) Outplacement Consultant Placement Coordinator Placement Director Professor Pupil Personnel Worker Registrar Residence Counselor Resident Hall Director Resume Writer School Adjustment Counselor School Counselor School Guidance Counselor School Psychologist Special Services Supervisor Student Advisor Student Affairs Dean Student Development Advisor Student Development Specialist Student Life Coordinator Student Services Advisor Student Services Coordinator Student Services Counselor Student Services Dean Student Services Director Student Success Counselor Student Support Counselor Student Support Services Director Students Okay Without Drugs and Alcohol Counselor (SODA Counselor) Study Abroad Advisor Teacher Teacher Advisor Teacher Counselor Transition Advisor Transition Specialist Tutor Coordinator Veterans Contact Representative Vocational Adviser Vocational Counselor Vocational Director Vocational Evaluator Vocational Examiner Vocational Guidance Counselor Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor Vocational Rehabilitation Supervisor Advanced Clinical Specialist Behavior Therapist Behavioral Analyst Behavioral Specialist Behavioral Therapist Child and Family Counselor Clinical Services Director Clinical Therapist Clinician Counselor Couple and Family Therapist, Staff Therapist Couples Therapist Director-Child Abuse Therapy Family Counselor Family Therapist Group Counselor Licensed Marriage and Family Therapist (LMFT) Licensed Professional Counselor (LPC) Licensed Staff-MFT Marriage and Family Counselor Marriage and Family Therapist (MFT) Marriage Counselor Marriage Therapist Play Therapist Psychotherapist Relationship Counselor Senior Clinician Therapist Behavior Analyst Behavior Support Specialist (BSS) Bereavement Counselor Case Manager Child Care Counselor Clinical Counselor Clinical Mental Health Counselor Clinician Correctional Counselor Corrections Caseworker Counselor Direct Care Counselor Domestic Violence Advocate Elder Counselor Grief Counselor Group Counselor Group Home Counselor Licensed Clinical Mental Health Counselor Mental Health Case Manager Mental Health Clinician Mental Health Counselor Mental Health Professional Mental Health Program Specialist Mental Health Specialist Mental Health Therapist Residential Child Care Counselor Therapist Treatment Coordinator Career Specialist Case Manager Certified Rehabilitation Counselor Classification Counselor Classifications Officer CC/CM Coach (Career Transition and Performance) Coordinator of Rehabilitation Services Correctional Classification Counselor Correctional Counselor/Case Manager Counselor Developmental Training Counselor Direct Care Counselor Direct Care Specialist Director of Rehabilitation Director of Vocational Evaluations/Rehabilitation Counselor Disability Counselor Disability Program Navigator Employment Advisor Employment Case Manager Employment Evaluator/Case Manager Employment Instructional Associate (EIA) Employment Specialist Employment Specialist/Program Manager Employment Trainer Group Counselor Group Home Counselor Homemaking Rehabilitation Consultant Human Services Care Specialist Job Coach Job Coach/Job Developer Job Coaching Job Developer Job Developer for Deaf Adults Licensed Professional Counselor (LPC) On-Site Services Specialist Options Advisor Placement Coordinator Prevocational/Rehabilitation Counselor Prison Classification Counselor Program Coordinator Program Specialist Psychosocial Rehabilitation Counselor Qualified Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor Rehab/Pre-Vocational Counselor Rehabilitation Counselor Rehabilitation Counselor for the Deaf and Hard of Hearing Rehabilitation Engineer Rehabilitation Liaison Rehabilitation Services Counselor Rehabilitation Specialist Rehabilitation Technician Residence Counselor Senior Case Manager Senior Staff-Specialized Employment Supportive Employment Case Manager Supportive Employment Program Specialist Transition Specialist Veterans Rehabilitation Counselor Vocational Case Manager Vocational Evaluator Vocational Placement Specialist Vocational Rehabilitation Consultant Vocational Rehabilitation Counselor (VCR) Vocational Rehabilitation Specialist Vocational Rehabilitation Technician Vocational Services Specialist Work Counselor Adoption Counselor AIDS Counselor Anger Control Counselor Behavior Specialist Business Representative Career Development Specialist Career Manager Career Specialist Case Consultant Case Investigator Case Manager Case Reviewer Case Worker Children's Counselor Christian Counselor Community Center Worker Community Chest Officer Community Organization Worker Community Organizer Corrections Counselor Debt Counselor Delegate Domestic Violence Counselor Ecclesiastical Worker Employment Coach Executive Coach Faith Doctor Faith Healer Field Reporter Field Worker Gospel Worker Grand Scribe Grief Counselor Group Counselor HIV Counselor Housing Counselor Licensed Professional Counselor (LPC) Life Coach Mental Health Consultant Mental Hygiene Consultant Mental Hygienist Mission Worker Missionary Offender Employment Specialist (OES) Offender Job Retention Specialist Offender Workforce Development Program Manager (OWDPM) Offender Workforce Development Specialist (OWDS) Pastoral Counselor Peer Counselor Race Relations Adviser Relocation Counselor Service Officer Settlement Worker Sexual Assault Counselor Social Insurance Adviser Social Insurance Analyst Solicitor Spiritual Advisor Wellness Coach Youth Counselor Adolescent Counselor Adoption Agent Adoption Coordinator Adoption Counselor Adoption Social Worker Adoption Specialist Adoption Worker Adult Protective Caseworker At-Risk Specialist Case Manager Case Planner Case Worker Casework Supervisor Caseworker Certified Children, Youth, and Family Social Worker Child Abuse Worker Child Advocate Child and Family Services Worker Child Care Counselor Child Development Consultant Child Protection Specialist Child Protective Services Social Worker (CPS Social Worker) Child Protective Services Specialist Child Welfare Caseworker Child Welfare Consultant Child Welfare Counselor Child Welfare Social Worker Child Welfare Specialist Child Welfare Worker Children's Counselor Children's Service Worker Community Organization Worker Community Worker Delinquency Prevention Social Worker Early Intervention Specialist Early Interventionist Elementary School Social Worker Family Advocate Family Caseworker Family Intervention Specialist Family Manager Family Preservation Caseworker Family Preservation Worker Family Protection Specialist Family Service Caseworker Family Service Worker Family Support Specialist Family Support Worker Field Representative Field Service Representative Foster Care Social Worker Foster Care Worker Group Worker Human Service Specialist Juvenile Counselor Juvenile Officer Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW) Licensed Social Worker Medical Social Worker Post Adoption Coordinator Program Support Specialist Protective Services Social Worker Public Housing Community Relations and Services Advisor School Social Worker Social Worker Youth Advocate Youth Services Specialist AIDS Social Worker Bereavement Counselor Case Managers Certified Social Workers In Health Care Clinical Social Worker Community Advocate Dialysis Social Worker Director of Social Services Director of Social Work Disability Advocate Disability Coordinator Disability Specialist Discharge Planner Domestic Violence Advocate Elder Counselor Family Advocate Family Support Specialist Family Support Worker Geriatric Care Manager Geriatric Social Worker Group Social Worker Health Care Social Worker Healthcare Social Worker Home Health Care Social Worker Hospice Social Worker Hospital Social Worker Licensed Social Worker Long Term Care Social Worker Medicaid Specialist Medical Case Manager Medical Case Worker Medical Social Consultant Medical Social Worker Neonatal Social Worker Nephrology Social Worker Nursing Home Social Worker Older Adult Social Work Specialist Oncology Social Work Oncology Social Worker Outreach and Education Social Worker Outreach Coordinator Outreach Specialist Pediatric Social Worker Perinatal Social Worker Public Health Social Worker Public Welfare Worker Referral Coordinator Renal Social Worker Social Work Case Manager Social Worker Transition Specialist Addictions Counselor Alcoholism Worker Behavioral Health Case Manager Case Manager Case Managers Case Therapist Chemical Dependency Counselor Clinical Social Worker Clinical Therapist Clinician Community Mental Health Social Worker Community Mental Health Worker Community Support Worker Counselor Crisis Intervention Counselor Crisis Intervention Specialist Crisis Worker Direct Care Counselor Direct Service Provider Drug Abuse Social Worker Drug Abuse Worker Family Advocate Group Home Counselor Licensed Clinical Social Worker (LCSW) Licensed Social Worker Marriage and Family Social Worker Mental Health Case Manager Mental Health Practitioner Mental Health Social Worker Mental Health Therapist Mental Health Worker Outpatient Therapist Probation Agent Probation Officer Psychiatric Social Worker Psychotherapist Psychotherapist Social Worker Residential Case Manager Social Worker Substance Abuse Clinician Substance Abuse Counselor Substance Abuse Services Director Therapist Case Consultant Case Investigator Case Manager Case Reviewer Case Supervisor Case Worker Children's Counselor Community Center Worker Community Chest Officer Community Organization Worker Community Organizer Criminal Justice Social Worker Delegate Divine Healer Domestic Violence Advocate Ecclesiastical Worker Employment Case Manager Faith Doctor Faith Healer Field Reporter Field Supervisor Field Worker Forensic Social Worker Gospel Worker Grand Scribe Group Home Worker Health Information Provider Health Promoter Home Supervisor Home Worker Intake Coordinator Intake Specialist Membership Secretary Mental Health Consultant Mental Hygiene Consultant Mental Hygienist Mission Worker Missionary Monk National Secretary National Service Officer Novice Officer Organizer Postulant Psychodramatist Race Relations Adviser Reader Representative Rural Health Consultant Service Officer Settlement Worker Sexual Assault Social Worker Shelter Advocate Sister Sister Superior Social Insurance Adviser Social Insurance Analyst Social Worker Solicitor Spiritual Advisor Student Officer Sunday School Missionary Superior Supervisor Traveling Representative Traveling Secretary Veterans Adviser Veterans Service Officer Welfare Adviser Welfare Analyst Welfare Case Worker Welfare Investigator Welfare Specialist Welfare Supervisor Youth Teacher Assistant Health Educator Breastfeeding Educator Certified Breastfeeding Educator (CBE) Certified Diabetes Educator Certified Health Education Specialist Certified Lactation Counselor (CLC) Certified Lactation Educator Cessation Systems Outreach Specialist Child Development Specialist Child Health Associate Chronic Disease Manager Clinical Educator Clinical Instructor Clinical Nurse Educator Community Educator Community Health Consultant Community Health Education Coordinator Community Health Educator Community Health Planning Director Community Health Worker (CHW) Coordinator, Chronic Disease Prevention Program Coordinator, Tobacco Prevention and Cessation Coalition Coordinator, Tobacco-Free Wellness Center Diabetes Education Coordinator Diabetes Educator Early Breastfeeding Care Specialist Education Coordinator Education Coordinator and Public Information Officer Education Specialist Education Specialist for Voices Against Violence, Health Education Coordinator Educator Field Representative/Health Education Health Coach Health Education Coordinator Health Educator Health Promotion Specialist Healthcare Educator HIV Prevention Specialist Lactation Consultant Lactation Specialist Lamaze International Breastfeeding Support Specialist Nurse Educator Online Health and Fitness Coach Program Manager for Family and Community Health Education Public Health Advisor Public Health Analyst Public Health Educator Public Health Educator/Latino Outreach Coordinator Public Health Officer Public Health Representative Public Health Specialist Public Health Technologist Risk Reduction Counselor Tobacco Educator Tobacco Prevention Health Educator Adult Parole Officer Adult Probation Officer Attendance Officer Certified Juvenile Probation Officer Chief Juvenile Probation Officer (CJPO) Classification Case Manager Classification Officer Correctional Case Manager Correctional Casework Specialist Correctional Counselor Correctional Officer Correctional Probation Officer Correctional Probation Specialist Court Worker Crime Prevention Worker Deputy Juvenile Officer Deputy Probation Officer (DPO) Detention Attendant Detention Officer Detention Worker Drill Instructor Family Preservation Officer Juvenile Correctional Officer Juvenile Detention Officer Juvenile Probation Officer Offender Employment Specialist (OES) Offender Job Retention Specialist Offender Workforce Development Specialist (OWDS) Parole Agent Parole Officer Parole Supervisor Parole/Probation Specialist Pre-Parole Counseling Aide Prisoner Classification Interviewer Probation and Parole Officer Probation and Patrol Agent Probation Counselor Probation Officer Probation Worker Truant Officer Youth Probation Officer Addictions Counselor Assistant Adult Day Care Worker Advocate Assistant Case Manager Boy's Adviser Case Aide Case Management Assistant Case Monitor Case Work Aide Case Worker Casework Specialist Caseworker Child Advocate Child Protective Investigator Children's Aide Clerical Aide Client Advocate Clinical Assistant Clinical Social Work Aide Community Action Worker Community Advocate Community Aide Community Coordinator Community Development Aide Community Development Worker Community Organization Aide Community Organizer Community Outreach Worker Community Program Assistant Community Service Worker Community Support Specialist Counseling Aide Counselor Aide Court Advocate Crisis Intervention Specialist Direct Support Specialist Direct Support Worker Domestic Violence Advocate Eligibility Counselor Family Reunification Specialist Family Service Aide Family Service Assistant Family Service Worker Family Support Specialist Family Support Worker Field Representative Field Service Representative Field Worker Food Management Aide Gerontology Aide Group Activities Aide Group Home Worker Group Worker Guardian ad Litem Halfway House Counselor Harm Reduction Worker Head Worker Home based Assistant Home Visitor House Visitor Housing Assistant Housing Counselor Human Service Specialist Human Service Technician Human Services Assistant Human Services Program Specialist Human Services Worker Independent Living Specialist Intake Worker Juvenile Court Liaison Licensing Worker Life Skills Instructor Management Aide Mental Health Technician Neighborhood Aide Neighborhood Coordinator Neighborhood Worker Offender Employment Specialist (OES) Offender Job Retention Specialist Outreach Coordinator Outreach Specialist Outreach Worker Peer Educator Personal Development Coach Personal Development Educator Personal Development Mentor Phone Counselor Psychological Aide Red Cross Worker Rehabilitation Caseworker Residential Assistant Residential Program Worker Residential Worker Service Aide Shelter Advocate Social and Human Services Assistant Social Contact Worker Social Human Services Assistants Social Service Liaison Social Service Technician Social Services Aide Social Services Assistant Social Services Coordinator (Social Services Coor) Social Services Specialist Social Welfare Clerk Social Work Assistant Social Work Associate Social Worker Aide Social Worker Assistant Therapeutic Assistant Travelers' Aid Worker Visitor Welfare Aide Welfare Service Aide Welfare Visitor Youth Worker Apprise Counselor Assistant Director of Nutrition and Wellness Programs Chief Program Officer Community Health Advisor Community Health Advocate Community Health Agent Community Health Counselor Community Health Navigator Community Health Outreach Worker Community Health Program Coordinator Community Health Program Representative (Community Health Program Rep) Community Health Promoter Community Health Representative Community Health Worker (CHW) Community Nutrition Educator Health Advocate Health Navigator Health Outreach Worker HIV CTS Specialist (Human Immunodeficiency Virus Counseling and Testing Services Specialist) Lay Health Advocate Peer Health Promoter Public Health Outreach Worker Public Health Worker Activist Business Representative Case Investigator Case Manager Case Reviewer Case Supervisor Case Worker Children's Counselor Community Center Worker Community Chest Officer Community Educator Community Organization Worker Community Organizer Donation Worker Family Life Educator Field Reporter Field Supervisor Field Worker Gospel Worker Health Information Provider Health Promoter Home Mission Worker Home Supervisor Infirmarian International Organizer International Representative Lay Brother Lodge Officer Membership Secretary Mental Health Consultant Mental Hygiene Consultant Mental Hygienist Mission Worker Missionary Monk Novice Nun Organizer Political Organizer Political Worker Politician Postulant Rural Health Consultant Sacristan Salvationist Service Officer Settlement Worker Sister Sister Superior Social Insurance Adviser Social Insurance Analyst Social Worker Solicitor Spiritual Advisor Sunday School Missionary Veterans Adviser Veterans Service Officer Volunteer Services Director Welfare Adviser Welfare Analyst Welfare Case Worker Welfare Investigator Welfare Specialist Brother Cantor Catechist Catholic Priest Chancellor Chaplain Children's Minister Christian Counselor Clergy Member Confessor Congregational Care Pastor Curate Deacon Deaconess Elder Hebrew Cantor Hospice Chaplain Hospital Chaplain Imam Marriage Counselor Minister Marriage Performer Minister Minister Assistant Missionary Coordinator Mohel Ordained Minister Pastor Pastoral Counselor Pope Preacher Prefect Presbyterian Clergy Priest Rabbi Rector Student Ministry Pastor Vicar Worship Leader Youth Pastor Adult Ministries Director Children's Ministries Director Children's Ministry Director Christian Education Director Church Supervisor Program Director Religious Activities Director Religious Education Coordinator Religious Education Director Senior Adults Director Student Ministries Director Women's Ministry Director Worship Director Youth Coordinator Youth Counselor Youth Director Youth Ministry Director Youth Worker Bible Reader Bible Teacher Bible Worker Buddhist Monk Cantor Christian Science Healer Christian Science Nurse Christian Science Practitioner Christian Science Reader Christian Science Reading Room Attendant Church Official Church Warden Church Worker Dianetic Counselor Divine Healer Ecclesiastical Worker Faith Doctor Faith Healer Field Worker Gospel Worker Grand Scribe Home Mission Worker Infirmarian Lay Brother Minister Helper Mission Worker Missionary Mohel Monk Mother Superior Novice Nun Parish Visitor Parish Worker Pastoral Assistant Pastoral Counselor Pastoral Worker Postulant Prior Reader Religion Teacher Religious Educator Religious Healer Sacristan Salvationist Shochet Shohet Sister Sister Superior Spiritual Advisor Sub Prior Sunday School Missionary Traveling Missionary Verger Youth Teacher Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Talking to others to convey information effectively. Using mathematics to solve problems. Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems. Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things. Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action. Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do. Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions. Persuading others to change their minds or behavior. Bringing others together and trying to reconcile differences. Teaching others how to do something. Actively looking for ways to help people. Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Analyzing needs and product requirements to create a design. Generating or adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs. Determining the kind of tools and equipment needed to do a job. Installing equipment, machines, wiring, or programs to meet specifications. Writing computer programs for various purposes. Watching gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly. Controlling operations of equipment or systems. Performing routine maintenance on equipment and determining when and what kind of maintenance is needed. Determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it. Repairing machines or systems using the needed tools. Conducting tests and inspections of products, services, or processes to evaluate quality or performance. Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. Identifying measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the system. Managing one's own time and the time of others. Determining how money will be spent to get the work done, and accounting for these expenditures. Obtaining and seeing to the appropriate use of equipment, facilities, and materials needed to do certain work. Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing. The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand. The ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand. The ability to come up with a number of ideas about a topic (the number of ideas is important, not their quality, correctness, or creativity). The ability to come up with unusual or clever ideas about a given topic or situation, or to develop creative ways to solve a problem. The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem. The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense. The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events). The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations). The ability to generate or use different sets of rules for combining or grouping things in different ways. The ability to choose the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem. The ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide quickly and correctly. The ability to remember information such as words, numbers, pictures, and procedures. The ability to quickly make sense of, combine, and organize information into meaningful patterns. The ability to identify or detect a known pattern (a figure, object, word, or sound) that is hidden in other distracting material. The ability to quickly and accurately compare similarities and differences among sets of letters, numbers, objects, pictures, or patterns. The things to be compared may be presented at the same time or one after the other. This ability also includes comparing a presented object with a remembered object. The ability to know your location in relation to the environment or to know where other objects are in relation to you. The ability to imagine how something will look after it is moved around or when its parts are moved or rearranged. The ability to concentrate on a task over a period of time without being distracted. The ability to shift back and forth between two or more activities or sources of information (such as speech, sounds, touch, or other sources). The ability to keep your hand and arm steady while moving your arm or while holding your arm and hand in one position. The ability to quickly move your hand, your hand together with your arm, or your two hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble objects. The ability to make precisely coordinated movements of the fingers of one or both hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble very small objects. The ability to quickly and repeatedly adjust the controls of a machine or a vehicle to exact positions. The ability to coordinate two or more limbs (for example, two arms, two legs, or one leg and one arm) while sitting, standing, or lying down. It does not involve performing the activities while the whole body is in motion. The ability to choose quickly between two or more movements in response to two or more different signals (lights, sounds, pictures). It includes the speed with which the correct response is started with the hand, foot, or other body part. The ability to time your movements or the movement of a piece of equipment in anticipation of changes in the speed and/or direction of a moving object or scene. The ability to quickly respond (with the hand, finger, or foot) to a signal (sound, light, picture) when it appears. The ability to make fast, simple, repeated movements of the fingers, hands, and wrists. The ability to quickly move the arms and legs. The ability to exert maximum muscle force to lift, push, pull, or carry objects. The ability to use short bursts of muscle force to propel oneself (as in jumping or sprinting), or to throw an object. The ability to exert muscle force repeatedly or continuously over time. This involves muscular endurance and resistance to muscle fatigue. The ability to use your abdominal and lower back muscles to support part of the body repeatedly or continuously over time without 'giving out' or fatiguing. The ability to exert yourself physically over long periods of time without getting winded or out of breath. The ability to bend, stretch, twist, or reach with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to quickly and repeatedly bend, stretch, twist, or reach out with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to coordinate the movement of your arms, legs, and torso together when the whole body is in motion. The ability to keep or regain your body balance or stay upright when in an unstable position. The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer). The ability to see details at a distance. The ability to match or detect differences between colors, including shades of color and brightness. The ability to see under low light conditions. The ability to see objects or movement of objects to one's side when the eyes are looking ahead. The ability to judge which of several objects is closer or farther away from you, or to judge the distance between you and an object. The ability to see objects in the presence of glare or bright lighting. The ability to detect or tell the differences between sounds that vary in pitch and loudness. The ability to focus on a single source of sound in the presence of other distracting sounds. The ability to tell the direction from which a sound originated. The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person. The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you. Collaborate with mental health professionals and other staff members to perform clinical assessments or develop treatment plans. Perform crisis interventions to help ensure the safety of the patients and others. Supervise rehabilitation counselors and staff. Educate clients about end of life symptoms and options to assist them in making informed decisions. Assess clients' cognitive abilities, and physical and emotional needs to determine appropriate interventions. Develop and implement behavioral management and care plans for clients. Administer drug screening tests. Inspecting equipment, structures, or materials to identify the cause of errors or other problems or defects. Train staff members in social services skills. Identifying the educational needs of others, developing formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaching or instructing others. Supervise workers providing client or patient services. Providing guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance. Counsel clients or patients with substance abuse issues. Providing guidance and expert advice to management or other groups on technical, systems-, or process-related topics. Write reports or evaluations. Entering, transcribing, recording, storing, or maintaining information in written or electronic/magnetic form. Maintain client records. Develop treatment plans for patients or clients. Developing, designing, or creating new applications, ideas, relationships, systems, or products, including artistic contributions. Monitor clients to evaluate treatment progress. Monitoring and reviewing information from materials, events, or the environment, to detect or assess problems. Interview clients to gather information about their backgrounds, needs, or progress. Observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources. Collaborate with other professionals to assess client needs or plan treatments. Providing information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person. Intervene in crisis situations to assist clients. Present social services program information to the public. Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. Refer clients to community or social service programs. Providing personal assistance, medical attention, emotional support, or other personal care to others such as coworkers, customers, or patients. Modify treatment plans to accommodate client needs. Maintain professional social services knowledge. Keeping up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job. Counsel family members of clients or patients. Advocate for individual or community needs. Convincing others to buy merchandise/goods or to otherwise change their minds or actions. Confer with family members to discuss client treatment plans or progress. Translating or explaining what information means and how it can be used. Evaluate the effectiveness of counseling or educational programs. Assessing the value, importance, or quality of things or people. Plan programs to address community health issues. Collaborate with other professionals to develop education or assistance programs. Evaluate characteristics of individuals to determine needs or eligibility. Evaluate potential problems in home or work environments of clients. Counsel clients regarding interpersonal issues. Counsel clients regarding educational or vocational issues. Plan programs to address community mental wellness needs. Develop educational policies. Develop working relationships with others to facilitate program activities. Developing constructive and cooperative working relationships with others, and maintaining them over time. Promote educational institutions or programs. Counsel clients or patients regarding personal issues. Complete documentation required by programs or regulations. Lead classes or community events. Assess individual or community needs for educational or social services. Refer individuals to educational or work programs. Teach life skills or strategies to clients or their families. Advise others on social or educational issues. Develop educational programs. Assist clients in handling details of daily life. Collect information about clients. Confer with clients to discuss treatment plans or progress. Help clients get needed services or resources. Collect information about community health needs. Provide basic health care services. Manage organizational or program finances. Arrange physical or mental health services for clients. Develop tools to diagnose or assess needs. Advise clients or community groups on health issues. Recommend legal actions. Research social issues. Investigate legal issues. Provide educational materials to community members. Monitoring and controlling resources and overseeing the spending of money. Maintain social services program records. Explain regulations, policies, or procedures. Visit individuals in their homes to provide support or information. Identifying the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills. Transport clients to appointments. Performing physical activities that require considerable use of your arms and legs and moving your whole body, such as climbing, lifting, balancing, walking, stooping, and handling of materials. Monitor nutrition related activities of individuals or groups. Interpret cultural or religious information for others. Develop promotional strategies for religious organizations. Plan conferences, programs, or special events. Developing specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work. Breathalyzers Desktop computers Notebook computers Personal computers Personal digital assistants PDA ACMS Casewatch Millenium Addison Health Systems WritePad EMR Systems Allscripts Canopy Anasazi Software Assessment and Treatment Plan Systems Athena Software Penelope Case Management Cadence Solutions extendedReach Case management software CaseManagement.com E-Reports Client System danic Technology Database software EAG Economic Analysis Group CaseTrack Email software IBM Lotus Notes IMA Technologies CaseTrakker Libera System7 Microsoft Excel Microsoft Office Microsoft Word Online informational database software Practice Technology Prevail Presentation software Scheduling software Spreadsheet software Statistical software STI Computer Services ChartMaker Varian Medical Systems Web browser software Word processing software Audio recorders Digital video disk DVD players Laptop computers Liquid crystal display LCD projectors Overhead display projectors Photocopying equipment Projection equipment Video cassette recorders VCR Video recorders Videoconferencing equipment Yahoo! Messenger ACT Discover ACT WorkKeys Adobe Systems Adobe Photoshop Blackboard Blackboard Wimba Career Cruising Career decision-making programs Career Dimensions Focus 2 Career management systems CMS Career Zone Centers for Disease Control and Prevention CDC WONDER Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Epi Info Chat software Citrix GoToMeeting Coin Educational Products Climb K-5 Online Coin Educational Products Coin Jr. College Central Network Career Services Central Computer-assisted career guidance software Computer-assisted live supervision Computerized diagnostic programs Computerized statistical packages Computerized testing programs Counseling software Data entry software Database application software Ext JS EZAnalyze Facebook FileMaker Pro Instant messaging software Kuder Navigator LexisNexis LinkedIn Microsoft Access Microsoft Dynamics Microsoft Internet Explorer Microsoft Outlook Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Publisher Naviance Succeed O*NET OnLine Oracle PeopleSoft Orbius Palm Pal Transana Prezi Productivity software Social Solutions ETO Student information systems SIS Web page design and editing software Yahoo! Email Zoomerang Computer laser printers Doll houses Dolls Hand puppets Multi-line telephone systems Toy block sets Advantage Software Psych Advantage American Medical Billing Software PMA Anasazi Software Client Data System Beaver Creek Software The THERAPIST Blueberry Harbor Software Clinical Record Keeper Care Paths eRecord Casamba SmartClinic Cornucopia Software Practice MAGIC DocuTrac QuicDoc eMDs Medisoft EZ2Bill Confidant EZClaim Healthcare Software EZClaim Advanced Medical Billing Intuit QuickBooks Mdansby The PsychReport Netsmart Technologies Helper PM/2 Clinical Planner PracticePRO Software Systems QuickPractice Saner Software ShrinkRapt SumTime Software SumTime Synergistic Office Solutions SOS Case Manager TheraManager Digital medical thermometers Flatbed scanners Sphygmomanometers Client information database systems Management information systems MIS Netscape Navigator Office suite software Patient electronic medical record EMR software Test interpretation software Alternative computer keyboards Alternative mouse options Global positioning system GPS receivers Handheld calculators Intercom systems Laser facsimile machines Laser pointers Laser printers Photocopiers Scanners Smartphones Tablet computers Voice output communication aids Voice over internet protocol VoIP systems Adobe Systems Adobe Reader Budgeting software Chart Links Client information database software Data input software Electronic medical record EMR software Encryption software Fanatic Software Informant Global positioning system GPS software Microsoft ActiveSync Microsoft Mobile Explorer MME Microsoft Office Mobile Microsoft Office Outlook (Calendar) Virus protection software Voice recognition software Word recognition software Adobe Systems Adobe PageMaker Automated clinical information systems Calendar software Command Systems ComServe Corel WordPerfect Information presentation software James Frazier Associates DataStart Medical procedure coding software Medical records software Relational database software Social Work Software ClientTouch Adobe Acrobat Client records software Medical condition coding software Microsoft SharePoint Blackbaud The Raiser's Edge Blogging software MEDITECH software Microsoft Visio Wiki software Dictating equipment Drug testing kits Electronic tracking devices Law enforcement handguns Metal handcuffs Mobile radios Multiline telephone systems Passenger cars Plastic handcuffs Protective body armor Side-handle batons Upper body restraints Urine testing kits Appointment scheduling software Corel WordPerfect Office Suite Court records databases Electronic tracking device software Speech recognition software Tyler Technologies Odyssey Case Manager 10-key calculators Amplified telephones Hearing impaired telephones Passenger vehicles Nuance Dragon NaturallySpeaking PointClickCare HER Automated blood pressure cuffs Blood glucose monitoring equipment Computer ink jet printers Emergency first aid kits Manual blood pressure cuffs Client databases Cordless microphones Multimedia presentation projectors Event scheduling software Membership databases Twitter Smart phones Website development software Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology. Knowledge of economic and accounting principles and practices, the financial markets, banking and the analysis and reporting of financial data. Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales control systems. Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. Knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel recruitment, selection, training, compensation and benefits, labor relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems. Knowledge of principles and methods for moving people or goods by air, rail, sea, or road, including the relative costs and benefits. Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. Knowledge of techniques and equipment for planting, growing, and harvesting food products (both plant and animal) for consumption, including storage/handling techniques. Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming. Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services. Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models. Knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of houses, buildings, or other structures such as highways and roads. Knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, repair, and maintenance. Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. Knowledge and prediction of physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and applications to understanding fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics, and mechanical, electrical, atomic and sub- atomic structures and processes. Knowledge of the chemical composition, structure, and properties of substances and of the chemical processes and transformations that they undergo. This includes uses of chemicals and their interactions, danger signs, production techniques, and disposal methods. Knowledge of plant and animal organisms, their tissues, cells, functions, interdependencies, and interactions with each other and the environment. Knowledge of human behavior and performance; individual differences in ability, personality, and interests; learning and motivation; psychological research methods; and the assessment and treatment of behavioral and affective disorders. Knowledge of group behavior and dynamics, societal trends and influences, human migrations, ethnicity, cultures and their history and origins. Knowledge of principles and methods for describing the features of land, sea, and air masses, including their physical characteristics, locations, interrelationships, and distribution of plant, animal, and human life. Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures. Knowledge of principles, methods, and procedures for diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of physical and mental dysfunctions, and for career counseling and guidance. Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Knowledge of the structure and content of a foreign (non-English) language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar, and pronunciation. Knowledge of the theory and techniques required to compose, produce, and perform works of music, dance, visual arts, drama, and sculpture. Knowledge of historical events and their causes, indicators, and effects on civilizations and cultures. Knowledge of different philosophical systems and religions. This includes their basic principles, values, ethics, ways of thinking, customs, practices, and their impact on human culture. Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property, and institutions. Knowledge of laws, legal codes, court procedures, precedents, government regulations, executive orders, agency rules, and the democratic political process. Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting, switching, control, and operation of telecommunications systems. Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media. Identifying information by categorizing, estimating, recognizing differences or similarities, and detecting changes in circumstances or events. Estimating sizes, distances, and quantities; or determining time, costs, resources, or materials needed to perform a work activity. Compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating, auditing, or verifying information or data. Using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Establishing long-range objectives and specifying the strategies and actions to achieve them. Scheduling events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others. Using hands and arms in handling, installing, positioning, and moving materials, and manipulating things. Using either control mechanisms or direct physical activity to operate machines or processes (not including computers or vehicles). Running, maneuvering, navigating, or driving vehicles or mechanized equipment, such as forklifts, passenger vehicles, aircraft, or water craft. Using computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information. Providing documentation, detailed instructions, drawings, or specifications to tell others about how devices, parts, equipment, or structures are to be fabricated, constructed, assembled, modified, maintained, or used. Servicing, repairing, adjusting, and testing machines, devices, moving parts, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of mechanical (not electronic) principles. Servicing, repairing, calibrating, regulating, fine-tuning, or testing machines, devices, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of electrical or electronic (not mechanical) principles. Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. Performing for people or dealing directly with the public. This includes serving customers in restaurants and stores, and receiving clients or guests. Getting members of a group to work together to accomplish tasks. Encouraging and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members. Performing day-to-day administrative tasks such as maintaining information files and processing paperwork. Recruiting, interviewing, selecting, hiring, and promoting employees in an organization. Job requires establishing and maintaining personally challenging achievement goals and exerting effort toward mastering tasks. Job requires persistence in the face of obstacles. Job requires a willingness to take on responsibilities and challenges. Job requires a willingness to lead, take charge, and offer opinions and direction. Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-natured, cooperative attitude. Job requires being sensitive to others' needs and feelings and being understanding and helpful on the job. Job requires preferring to work with others rather than alone, and being personally connected with others on the job. Job requires maintaining composure, keeping emotions in check, controlling anger, and avoiding aggressive behavior, even in very difficult situations. Job requires accepting criticism and dealing calmly and effectively with high stress situations. Job requires being open to change (positive or negative) and to considerable variety in the workplace. Job requires being reliable, responsible, and dependable, and fulfilling obligations. Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks. Job requires being honest and ethical. Job requires developing one's own ways of doing things, guiding oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done. Job requires creativity and alternative thinking to develop new ideas for and answers to work-related problems. Job requires analyzing information and using logic to address work-related issues and problems. Occupations that satisfy this work value are results oriented and allow employees to use their strongest abilities, giving them a feeling of accomplishment. Corresponding needs are Ability Utilization and Achievement. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer job security and good working conditions. Corresponding needs are Activity, Compensation, Independence, Security, Variety and Working Conditions. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer advancement, potential for leadership, and are often considered prestigious. Corresponding needs are Advancement, Authority, Recognition and Social Status. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer supportive management that stands behind employees. Corresponding needs are Company Policies, Supervision: Human Relations and Supervision: Technical. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to work on their own and make decisions. Corresponding needs are Creativity, Responsibility and Autonomy. Primary-Rank Descriptiveness Secondary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness Tertiary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness