First-Line Supervisors of Housekeeping and Janitorial Workers Directly supervise and coordinate work activities of cleaning personnel in hotels, hospitals, offices, and other establishments. First-Line Supervisors of Landscaping, Lawn Service, and Groundskeeping Workers Directly supervise and coordinate activities of workers engaged in landscaping or groundskeeping activities. Work may involve reviewing contracts to ascertain service, machine, and workforce requirements; answering inquiries from potential customers regarding methods, material, and price ranges; and preparing estimates according to labor, material, and machine costs. Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners Keep buildings in clean and orderly condition. Perform heavy cleaning duties, such as cleaning floors, shampooing rugs, washing walls and glass, and removing rubbish. Duties may include tending furnace and boiler, performing routine maintenance activities, notifying management of need for repairs, and cleaning snow or debris from sidewalk. Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners Perform any combination of light cleaning duties to maintain private households or commercial establishments, such as hotels and hospitals, in a clean and orderly manner. Duties may include making beds, replenishing linens, cleaning rooms and halls, and vacuuming. Building Cleaning Workers, All Other All building cleaning workers not listed separately. Pest Control Workers Apply or release chemical solutions or toxic gases and set traps to kill or remove pests and vermin that infest buildings and surrounding areas. Landscaping and Groundskeeping Workers Landscape or maintain grounds of property using hand or power tools or equipment. Workers typically perform a variety of tasks, which may include any combination of the following: sod laying, mowing, trimming, planting, watering, fertilizing, digging, raking, sprinkler installation, and installation of mortarless segmental concrete masonry wall units. Pesticide Handlers, Sprayers, and Applicators, Vegetation Mix or apply pesticides, herbicides, fungicides, or insecticides through sprays, dusts, vapors, soil incorporation, or chemical application on trees, shrubs, lawns, or botanical crops. Usually requires specific training and State or Federal certification. Tree Trimmers and Pruners Using sophisticated climbing and rigging techniques, cut away dead or excess branches from trees or shrubs to maintain right-of-way for roads, sidewalks, or utilities, or to improve appearance, health, and value of tree. Prune or treat trees or shrubs using handsaws, hand pruners, clippers, and power pruners. Works off the ground in the tree canopy and may use truck-mounted lifts. Grounds Maintenance Workers, All Other All grounds maintenance workers not listed separately. Buildings and Grounds Supervisor Custodian Environmental Services Director Environmental Services Supervisor (EVS) Executive Housekeeper Facilities Manager Head Custodian Housekeeping Director Housekeeping Supervisor Maintenance Supervisor Field Manager Golf Course Superintendent Grounds Crew Supervisor Grounds Foreman Grounds Maintenance Supervisor Grounds Manager Grounds Supervisor Groundskeeper Supervisor Landscape Manager Landscape Supervisor Building Custodian Building Service Worker Building Services Technician Cleaner Custodial Worker Custodian Floor Tech (Floor Technician) Heavy Duty Custodian Institutional Custodian Janitor Breakfast and Room Attendant Cottage Attendant Environmental Services Aide Environmental Services Worker Housekeeper Housekeeping Housekeeping Aide Housekeeping Laundry Worker Room Attendant Room Cleaner Certified Pest Control Technician Commercial Pest Control Technician Exterminator Pest Control Applicator Pest Control Chemical Technician Pest Control Operator Pest Control Technician Pest Technician Residential Pest Control Technician Termite Technician Gardener Greenskeeper Grounds Maintenance Worker Grounds Person Grounds Worker Grounds/Maintenance Specialist Groundskeeper Landscape Specialist Landscape Technician Outside Maintenance Worker Chemical Applicator Integrated Pest Management Technician (IPM Technician) Lawn Specialist Lawn Technician Licensed Pesticide Applicator Pest Control Technician Pesticide Applicator Spray Applicator Spray Technician Tree and Shrub Technician Arborist Ground Worker Groundsman Line Clearance Foreman Plant Health Care Technician Tree Care Foreman Tree Climber Tree Trimmer Building Cleaning Supervisor Building Maintenance Supervisor Building Services Supervisor Building Superintendent, Cleaning, Painting, Maintenance Building Superintendent, Custodian, Janitor, Maintenance Building Supervisor Buildings and Grounds Coordinator Buildings and Grounds Director Buildings and Grounds Superintendent Buildings and Grounds Supervisor Butler Cleaning Staff Supervisor Cleaning Supervisor Custodial Foreman Custodial Manager Custodial Operations Manager Custodial Supervisor Custodian Custodian Supervisor Environmental Services Attendant Environmental Services Coordinator Environmental Services Director Environmental Services Supervisor (EVS) Environmental Services Technician Executive Housekeeper Facilities and Grounds Director Facilities Maintenance Manager Facilities Manager Facility Supervisor Head Cleaning Porter Head Custodian Head Housekeeper Head of Maintenance Head School Custodian Home Housekeeper Home Restoration Service Supervisor Hotel or Motel Cleaning Supervisor Hotel or Motel Room Service Supervisor House Cleaner Supervisor House Superintendent Household Manager Housekeeper Housekeeper Supervisor Housekeeping Coordinator Housekeeping Director Housekeeping Manager Housekeeping Supervisor Housekeeping/Laundry Supervisor Janitor Supervisor Janitorial Services Supervisor Janitorial Supervisor Lead Custodian Linen Room Supervisor Linen Supervisor Maid Supervisor Maintenance and Custodian Supervisor Maintenance Director Maintenance Manager Maintenance Superintendent Maintenance Supervisor Room Inspector Sanitation Supervisor Superintendent, Custodian, Janitor Buildings and Grounds Supervisor Cemetery Workers Supervisor Field Manager Gardening Manager Gardening Supervisor Golf Course Manager Golf Course Superintendent Greens or Grounds Superintendent Greenskeeper Greenskeeper Supervisor Grounds Crew Supervisor Grounds Foreman Grounds Maintenance Supervisor Grounds Manager Grounds Supervisor Groundskeeper Supervisor Head Greenskeeper Horticultural Services Supervisor Landscape Contractor Landscape Engineer Landscape Gardener Landscape Manager Landscape Supervisor Landscaping Manager Landscaping Supervisor Lawn and Tree Service Spray Supervisor Lawn Service Manager Lawn Service Supervisor Nursery Supervisor Tree Trimming Supervisor Turf and Grounds Supervisor Turf Manager Airport Attendant Alley Cleaner Alley Worker Apartment Maintenance Worker Attendant Brass Cleaner Brass Polisher Building Attendant Building Custodian Building Maintenance Custodian Building Maintenance Superintendent Building Maintenance Technician Building Service Worker Building Services Technician Building Superintendent, Cleaning, Painting, Maintenance Building Superintendent, Custodian, Janitor, Maintenance Camp Attendant Camp Tender Campground Cleaning Attendant Care Taker Caretaker Carpet Cleaner Carpet Cleaning Technician Casino Porter Change House Attendant Chimney Sweep Chore Worker Cleaner Cleaning and Maintenance Worker Cleaning Custodian Cleaning Handyman Cleaning Laborer Cleaning Porter Cleaning Technician Coach Cleaner Commercial or Institutional Cleaner Custodial Aide Custodial Engineer Custodial Laborer Custodial Maintenance Worker Custodial Worker Custodian Day Worker Dormitory Keeper Dry Boss Dry House Attendant Dry House Worker Dry Man Duct Cleaner Environmental Services Aide Environmental Services Worker Facility Service Associate Fixture Relamper Floor Care Specialist Floor Cleaner Floor Polisher Floor Scrubber Floor Sweeper Floor Tech (Floor Technician) Floor Waxer Floorperson Floors Buffer Furnace Caretaker Furnace Operator General Cleaner Hall Cleaner Handy Man Handyman Head Cleaning Porter Heavy Duty Custodian Helper, Maintenance, Cleaning Hired Man Hired Worker Home Restoration Service Cleaner Hospital Cleaner Hydroelectric Plant Maintainer Industrial Cleaner Industrial Plant Custodian Industrial Sweeper-Cleaner Institutional Custodian Janitor Janitor and Cleaner Janitor Caretaker Janitor Cleaner Janitor Custodian Janitor Helper Janitorial Assistant Janitorial Maintenance Worker Joss House Keeper Labor Custodian Laboratory Equipment Cleaner Lamp Replacer Latrine Cleaner Lead Janitor Light Bulb Replacer Light Fixture Servicer Maintenance Aide Maintenance Assistant Maintenance Worker Marble Cleaner Metal Polisher Multi-Story Window/Building Exterior Cleaner Odd Jobs Day Worker Office Cleaner Office Sweeper Paper Cleaner Patch Worker Pool Cleaner Porter Power Washer Project Crew Worker Sanitation Worker School Janitor Scrub Woman Scrubber Sexton Station Cleaning Porter Sweeper Swimming Pool Servicer Tobacco Sweeper Utility Person Utility Porter Utility Worker Venetian Blind Cleaner Venetian Blind Cleaner and Repairer Venetian Blind Washer Wall Cleaner Wall Washer Wallpaper Cleaner Washer Washhouse Worker Window Cleaner Bed Maker Breakfast and Room Attendant Bunk House Worker Cabin Cleaner Care Taker Caretaker Chambermaid Charwoman Cleaner Cleaning Maid Cleaning Matron Cleaning Porter Cleaning Team Member Commercial, Residential, or Industrial Housekeeper Cottage Attendant Curtain Worker Day Worker Dining Room Maid Domestic Helper Domestic Laundry Worker Domestic Maid Dormitory Maid Downstairs Maid Drapery Worker Environmental Assistant (Housekeeping) Environmental Services Aide Environmental Services Worker Executive Housekeeper Furniture Duster General House Worker Guest Room Attendant Hall Worker Home Housekeeper Hospital Cleaner Hospitality Team Member Hotel Maid House Cleaner House Worker Housecleaner Household Worker Housekeeper Housekeeper, Cleaning, Cooking Housekeeper/Custodian/Laundry Worker Housekeeper/Laundry Assistant Housekeeping Housekeeping Aide Housekeeping and Laundry Team Leader Housekeeping Assistant Housekeeping Attendant Housekeeping Cleaner Housekeeping Department Worker Housekeeping Laundry Worker Housekeeping Staff Housekeeping/Laundry Housemaid Houseperson Ironer Lead Worker of Housekeeping and Laundry Linen Folder Linen Keeper Linen Room Custodian Linen Room Worker Linen Worker Lodging Facilities Attendant Lodging house Keeper Maid Maid Housekeeper Maid, Cleaning, Cooking Motel Maid Parlor Maid Rest Room Maid Restrooms or Lounges Maid Room Attendant Room Cleaner Room Maid Second Butler Section Housekeeper Senior Housekeeper Service Cleaner Shower Maid Upstairs Maid Visiting Housekeeper Ward Maid Air Purifier Servicer Building Pressure Washer Campground Attendant Chimney Sweep Chimney Sweeper Disease Control Inspector Duct Cleaner Hand Rug Cleaner Insect Control Inspector Light Fixture Servicer Tree Trimmer Helper Weed Control Inspector Bed Bug Exterminator Certified Pest Control Technician Chemical Applicator Commercial Pest Control Representative Commercial Pest Control Technician Extermination Inspector Extermination Supervisor Exterminator Exterminator Helper Field Service Representative Field Service Technician Fumigator Hand Spray Operator Insecticide Expert Insecticide Sprayer Mosquito Sprayer Moth Exterminator Pest Control Applicator Pest Control Chemical Technician Pest Control Operator Pest Control Service Representative Pest Control Service Technician Pest Control Specialist Pest Control Technician Pest Controller Pest Controller Assistant Pest Technician Rat Exterminator Residential Pest Control Technician Rodent Control Worker Rodent Exterminator Service Technician Spray Crew Spray Worker Sprayer Technician Termite Control Representative Termite Control Servicer Termite Control Technician Termite Exterminator Termite Exterminator Helper Termite Inspector Termite Renewal Inspector Termite Technician Termite Treater Tick Eradicator Athletic Field Custodian Bonsai Tender Brush Cutter Caretaker Cemetery Keeper Cemetery Laborer Cemetery Warden Cemetery Worker Equipment Operator Flower Picker Flower Planter Gardener Golf Course Keeper Golf Course Laborer Grass Cutter Grave Cleaner Greens Cutter Greens Keeper Greens Laborer Greenskeeper Greenskeeper Laborer Greensman Ground Crewman Ground Worker Grounds Caretaker Grounds Cleaner Grounds Keeper Grounds Maintenance Worker Grounds Person Grounds Worker Grounds/Maintenance Specialist Groundskeeper Groundskeeping Maintenance Groundskeeping Maintenance Worker Groundskeeping Yardman Groundsman Hedge Trimmer Horticultural Worker Horticulture Worker Indoor Landscaper/Gardener Industrial-Commercial Groundskeeper Interior Plant Caretaker Irrigation Technician Laborer Land Clearer Landscape and Yardwork Laborer Landscape Crew Member Landscape Foreman Landscape Gardener Landscape Laborer Landscape Management Technician Landscape Specialist Landscape Technician Landscaper Landscaper Helper Landscaping and Groundskeeping Laborer Landscaping Crew Leader Landscaping Specialist Lawn Care Professional Lawn Care Technician Lawn Care Worker Lawn Caretaker Lawn Maintenance Worker Lawn Mower Lawn Mower Operator Lawn Service Worker Lawn Sprinkler Installer Lawn Sprinkler Servicer Maintenance Aide Maintenance Groundman Maintenance Technician Maintenance Worker Mall Plant Caretaker Mower Operator Mowing Machine Operator Nursery Helper Orchid Transplanter Outside Maintenance Worker Park Keeper Plant Care Worker Sexton Sexton Helper Shrub Planter Sod Cutter Sod Stripper Sodder Sprinkler Installer Tree Surgeon Helper Turfgrass Technician Utility Worker Weed Burner Weed Controller Weed Cutter Weed Thinner Weeder Yard Laborer Yard Person Yard Worker Yardman Agricultural Service Worker Applicator Applicator Sprayer Certified Pesticide Applicator Chemical Applicator Commercial Lawn Specialist Eradicator Fertilizer Applicator Fruit Sprayer Fumigator Hand Spray Operator Hand Sprayer Herbicide Sprayer Hydro-Sprayer Operator Insecticide Sprayer Integrated Pest Management Technician (IPM Technician) Knapsack Sprayer Lawn and Garden Technician Lawn Care Specialist Lawn Specialist Lawn Technician Licensed Pesticide Applicator Orchard Sprayer Pest Control Technician Pest Locator Pest Technician Pesticide Applicator Plant Sprayer Residential Lawn Specialist Spray Applicator Spray Mixer Spray Technician Tree and Shrub Technician Tree and Shrub Worker Weed Controller Weed Eradicator Weed Inspector Weed Sprayer Arborist Brush Clearing Laborer Climber Crane Operator Diagnostician Grape Pruner Ground Worker Groundsman Line Clearance Foreman Plant Health Care Technician Pruner Tanbark Laborer Timber Cutter Tractor Operator Tree Care Foreman Tree Climber Tree Doctor Tree Expert Tree Specialist Tree Surgeon Tree Trimmer Tree Trimmer Helper Tree Worker Trimmer Vine Pruner Campground Attendant Cemetery Worker Chimney Sweeper Disease Control Inspector Garden Worker Insect Control Inspector Special Effects and Instruction Models Gardener Trail Construction Worker Trail Maintenance Worker Trailhead Construction Worker Trailhead Maintenance Worker Tree Trimmer Helper Weed Control Inspector Understanding written sentences and paragraphs in work related documents. Giving full attention to what other people are saying, taking time to understand the points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times. Communicating effectively in writing as appropriate for the needs of the audience. Talking to others to convey information effectively. Using mathematics to solve problems. Using scientific rules and methods to solve problems. Using logic and reasoning to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems. Understanding the implications of new information for both current and future problem-solving and decision-making. Selecting and using training/instructional methods and procedures appropriate for the situation when learning or teaching new things. Monitoring/Assessing performance of yourself, other individuals, or organizations to make improvements or take corrective action. Being aware of others' reactions and understanding why they react as they do. Adjusting actions in relation to others' actions. Persuading others to change their minds or behavior. Bringing others together and trying to reconcile differences. Teaching others how to do something. Actively looking for ways to help people. Identifying complex problems and reviewing related information to develop and evaluate options and implement solutions. Analyzing needs and product requirements to create a design. Generating or adapting equipment and technology to serve user needs. Determining the kind of tools and equipment needed to do a job. Installing equipment, machines, wiring, or programs to meet specifications. Writing computer programs for various purposes. Watching gauges, dials, or other indicators to make sure a machine is working properly. Controlling operations of equipment or systems. Performing routine maintenance on equipment and determining when and what kind of maintenance is needed. Determining causes of operating errors and deciding what to do about it. Repairing machines or systems using the needed tools. Conducting tests and inspections of products, services, or processes to evaluate quality or performance. Considering the relative costs and benefits of potential actions to choose the most appropriate one. Determining how a system should work and how changes in conditions, operations, and the environment will affect outcomes. Identifying measures or indicators of system performance and the actions needed to improve or correct performance, relative to the goals of the system. Managing one's own time and the time of others. Determining how money will be spent to get the work done, and accounting for these expenditures. Obtaining and seeing to the appropriate use of equipment, facilities, and materials needed to do certain work. Motivating, developing, and directing people as they work, identifying the best people for the job. The ability to listen to and understand information and ideas presented through spoken words and sentences. The ability to read and understand information and ideas presented in writing. The ability to communicate information and ideas in speaking so others will understand. The ability to communicate information and ideas in writing so others will understand. The ability to come up with a number of ideas about a topic (the number of ideas is important, not their quality, correctness, or creativity). The ability to come up with unusual or clever ideas about a given topic or situation, or to develop creative ways to solve a problem. The ability to tell when something is wrong or is likely to go wrong. It does not involve solving the problem, only recognizing there is a problem. The ability to apply general rules to specific problems to produce answers that make sense. The ability to combine pieces of information to form general rules or conclusions (includes finding a relationship among seemingly unrelated events). The ability to arrange things or actions in a certain order or pattern according to a specific rule or set of rules (e.g., patterns of numbers, letters, words, pictures, mathematical operations). The ability to generate or use different sets of rules for combining or grouping things in different ways. The ability to choose the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem. The ability to add, subtract, multiply, or divide quickly and correctly. The ability to remember information such as words, numbers, pictures, and procedures. The ability to quickly make sense of, combine, and organize information into meaningful patterns. The ability to identify or detect a known pattern (a figure, object, word, or sound) that is hidden in other distracting material. The ability to quickly and accurately compare similarities and differences among sets of letters, numbers, objects, pictures, or patterns. The things to be compared may be presented at the same time or one after the other. This ability also includes comparing a presented object with a remembered object. The ability to know your location in relation to the environment or to know where other objects are in relation to you. The ability to imagine how something will look after it is moved around or when its parts are moved or rearranged. The ability to concentrate on a task over a period of time without being distracted. The ability to shift back and forth between two or more activities or sources of information (such as speech, sounds, touch, or other sources). The ability to keep your hand and arm steady while moving your arm or while holding your arm and hand in one position. The ability to quickly move your hand, your hand together with your arm, or your two hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble objects. The ability to make precisely coordinated movements of the fingers of one or both hands to grasp, manipulate, or assemble very small objects. The ability to quickly and repeatedly adjust the controls of a machine or a vehicle to exact positions. The ability to coordinate two or more limbs (for example, two arms, two legs, or one leg and one arm) while sitting, standing, or lying down. It does not involve performing the activities while the whole body is in motion. The ability to choose quickly between two or more movements in response to two or more different signals (lights, sounds, pictures). It includes the speed with which the correct response is started with the hand, foot, or other body part. The ability to time your movements or the movement of a piece of equipment in anticipation of changes in the speed and/or direction of a moving object or scene. The ability to quickly respond (with the hand, finger, or foot) to a signal (sound, light, picture) when it appears. The ability to make fast, simple, repeated movements of the fingers, hands, and wrists. The ability to quickly move the arms and legs. The ability to exert maximum muscle force to lift, push, pull, or carry objects. The ability to use short bursts of muscle force to propel oneself (as in jumping or sprinting), or to throw an object. The ability to exert muscle force repeatedly or continuously over time. This involves muscular endurance and resistance to muscle fatigue. The ability to use your abdominal and lower back muscles to support part of the body repeatedly or continuously over time without 'giving out' or fatiguing. The ability to exert yourself physically over long periods of time without getting winded or out of breath. The ability to bend, stretch, twist, or reach with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to quickly and repeatedly bend, stretch, twist, or reach out with your body, arms, and/or legs. The ability to coordinate the movement of your arms, legs, and torso together when the whole body is in motion. The ability to keep or regain your body balance or stay upright when in an unstable position. The ability to see details at close range (within a few feet of the observer). The ability to see details at a distance. The ability to match or detect differences between colors, including shades of color and brightness. The ability to see under low light conditions. The ability to see objects or movement of objects to one's side when the eyes are looking ahead. The ability to judge which of several objects is closer or farther away from you, or to judge the distance between you and an object. The ability to see objects in the presence of glare or bright lighting. The ability to detect or tell the differences between sounds that vary in pitch and loudness. The ability to focus on a single source of sound in the presence of other distracting sounds. The ability to tell the direction from which a sound originated. The ability to identify and understand the speech of another person. The ability to speak clearly so others can understand you. Move furniture. Establish driving routes for pesticide applications. Record information about pesticide applications, such as the type used and amount applied. Maintain equipment or systems to ensure proper functioning. Servicing, repairing, adjusting, and testing machines, devices, moving parts, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of mechanical (not electronic) principles. Remove snow. Performing physical activities that require considerable use of your arms and legs and moving your whole body, such as climbing, lifting, balancing, walking, stooping, and handling of materials. Supervise maintenance workers. Providing guidance and direction to subordinates, including setting performance standards and monitoring performance. Inspect work to ensure standards are met. Inspecting equipment, structures, or materials to identify the cause of errors or other problems or defects. Plan employee work schedules. Clean facilities or sites. Investigate work related complaints to determine corrective actions. Observing, receiving, and otherwise obtaining information from all relevant sources. Confer with coworkers to coordinate maintenance or cleaning activities. Providing information to supervisors, co-workers, and subordinates by telephone, in written form, e-mail, or in person. Inspect buildings or grounds to determine condition. Select equipment, materials, or supplies for cleaning or maintenance activities. Analyzing information and evaluating results to choose the best solution and solve problems. Instruct staff in work policies or procedures. Identifying the educational needs of others, developing formal educational or training programs or classes, and teaching or instructing others. Determine resource needs. Inventory materials or equipment. Monitoring and controlling resources and overseeing the spending of money. Evaluate current or prospective maintenance employees. Assessing the value, importance, or quality of things or people. Establish work standards. Developing, designing, or creating new applications, ideas, relationships, systems, or products, including artistic contributions. Document work hours or activities. Entering, transcribing, recording, storing, or maintaining information in written or electronic/magnetic form. Estimate maintenance service requirements or costs. Estimating sizes, distances, and quantities; or determining time, costs, resources, or materials needed to perform a work activity. Plant greenery to improve landscape appearance. Irrigate lawns, trees, or plants. Trim trees or other vegetation. Using hands and arms in handling, installing, positioning, and moving materials, and manipulating things. Prepare chemicals for work application. Inspect landscaping to determine treatment needs. Monitoring and reviewing information from materials, events, or the environment, to detect or assess problems. Provide information about landscaping services or costs. Translating or explaining what information means and how it can be used. Monitor building premises to ensure occupant or visitor safety. Remove debris from work sites. Operate grounds maintenance equipment. Using either control mechanisms or direct physical activity to operate machines or processes (not including computers or vehicles). Drive trucks or other vehicles to or at work sites. Running, maneuvering, navigating, or driving vehicles or mechanized equipment, such as forklifts, passenger vehicles, aircraft, or water craft. Dispose of trash or waste materials. Clean building walls or flooring. Clean furniture or fixtures. Decorate indoor or outdoor spaces. Clean equipment or supplies. Treat facilities to eliminate pests. Recommend products or services to customers. Providing guidance and expert advice to management or other groups on technical, systems-, or process-related topics. Treat greenery or surfaces with protective substances. Evaluate reports or designs to determine work needs. Cultivate lawns, turf, or gardens. Install equipment to protect or support trees. All-terrain vacuums Auto scrubbers Building alarm systems Carpet shampooers Carpet steamers Cleaning scrapers Commercial automatic floor scrubbers Desktop computers Dust masks Dust mops Flatwork ironers Floor burnishers Floor polishing machines Floor scrubbing machines Industrial clothes dryers Industrial sewing machines Industrial vacuum cleaners Light commercial washing machines Mop wringers Multi-line telephone systems Personal computers Power floor buffers Powered floor washers Pressure washers Protective face shields Push brooms Rubber gloves Safety goggles Spray bottles Squeegees Steam pressers Steam-operated sterilizers Step ladders Washer extractors Wet mops Wet-dry vacuums Computerized bed control system software Computerized maintenance management system CMMS Data entry software Email software Facility use software Help desk software Inventory tracking software Microsoft Access Microsoft Excel Microsoft Office Microsoft Outlook Microsoft PowerPoint Microsoft Project Microsoft Word SAP Adjustable hand wrenches Adjustable widemouth pliers Bed shapers Brick cutters Bucket trucks Chainsaws Claw hammers Cordless drills Dump trucks Equipment trailers Farm tractors Fertilizer spreaders Forklifts Garden spades Gardening hoes Gardening shovels Grease guns Hand saws Hedge trimmers Herbicide sprayers Insecticide sprayers Landscape rakes Laser levels Lawn sprinklers Leaf blowers Leaf rakes Light pickup trucks Mattocks Measuring wheels Outdoor vacuums Phillips head screwdrivers Pick axes Pitchforks Pruning saws Push mowers Rakes Riding mowers Rototillers Seed distributors Sidewalk sweepers Skid steer loaders Skip loaders Snowplows Socket wrench sets Spades Straight screwdrivers String trimmers Tractor disc attachments Tractor mowing decks Tractors with backhoe attachments Trenchers Two way radios Weed whackers Wheel loaders Wheelbarrows Inventory management software Payroll software Work order software Aerial manlifts Air compressors Dry mops Equipment dollies Extension ladders Floor buffers Floor strippers Floor waxers Hand trucks Industrial vacuums Portable scaffolding Power floor scrubbers Power grinders Power mowers Power saws Precision files Protective ear plugs Ratchet wrenches Ride-on industrial vacuum cleaners Safety glasses Safety gloves Scissor lifts Snow blowers Snow shovels Steam cleaning equipment Window squeegees Backpack vacuums Cleaning brushes Clothes ironing equipment Commercial dishwashers Dusters Household dryers Household washers Housekeeping carts Safety blades Scouring pads Sponges Standing HEPA vacuums Tile brushes Toilet brushes Trash bags Vinyl gloves Work scrubs Microsoft Windows Bait stations Bellows dusters Brooms Bulb dusters Chemical-resistant footwear Chemical-resistant suits Cold foggers Copy machines Digital still cameras Electric drills Flathead shovels Garden rakes Gasoline powered generators Handheld calculators Handheld compressed air sprayers Handheld pesticide sprayers Laptop computers Laser facsimile machines Mechanical animal traps Mobile radios Pesticide agitators Pesticide tanks Pneumatic hammers Portable vacuums Power dusters Protective gloves Protective head coverings Protective respirators Snap traps Thermal foggers Ultra low volume ULV sprayers Utility screwdrivers Vise grip pliers Work trucks Database software Intuit QuickBooks Marathon Data Systems PestPac Report writing software Supply inventory software Work scheduling software Adjustable wrenches Aerial lift trucks Arena rakes Artificial turf groomers Axes Backhoes Backpack blowers Backpack pump sprayers Box blades Brush trimmers Bucket loaders Bunker rakes Cargo trucks Chain saws Concrete mixers Cultivators Digital soil thermometers Dirt shovels Drag brooms Drag leveling bars Drag mats Drag spikers Drawn box scrapers Electrical cord reels Field layout systems Field painting stencils Flail mowers Flexible chain-link harrows Front end loaders Gas generators Gas welders Greens mowers Ground picks Ground tarps Hammer drills Hammers Hand spreaders Handheld power drills Handsaws Hedge shears Hex pluggers Hoes Hydraulic booms Hydrostatic mowers Infield grooming rakes Iron rakes Knife sharpeners Ladders Land levelers Land planes Leaf-grinding machines Line trimmers Loppers Manual mowers Measuring tapes Mound slope gauges Mulching forks Nail drags Oetiker clamps Overseed enhancing tools Paint sprayguns Pallet trucks Pipe cutters Plow pan spikers Pole saws Power drills Power rakes Power sweepers Pressurized sprayers Pruners Puddle pumps Reversible spike harrows Roller squeegees Rubber mallets Salt spreaders Saws Screwdrivers Scuffle hoes Shielded arc welding tools Shovels Snowplow attachments Socket wrenches Sod lifters Soil probes Soil profilers Soil pulverizers Sprinklers Tillers Tractor broom attachments Tractors Trowels Truck-mounted chemical sprayers Turf rollers Turf striping rollers Turf sweepers Utility vehicles Wheeled paint sprayers Wood chippers X-drags IBM Notes Air purifying respirators Backpack sprayers Boom sprayers Broadcast boom sprayers Chemical protection gloves Digital flowmeters Digital stopwatches Electrostatic spray guns Face masks Handheld pump sprayers Measuring containers Mechanical aerosol generators Power sprayers Protective safety glasses Seed spreaders Tablet computers Truck mounted sprayers Customer database software Materials inventory software Rate calculation software Unit conversion software Agricultural augers Boom trucks Brush chippers Brush trucks Bypass pruners Cargo trailers Chemical mixers Chipper shredders Chipper trucks Climbing hooks Cordless power saws Felling wedges Garden shovels Gas hedge trimmers Hacksaws Hand pruners Hand-held grab hooks Handheld sprayers Hard hats Hedge clippers Hydraulic chemical sprayers Hydraulic pruners Hydraulic stick saws Limbing axes Loader backhoes Long-handled clippers Mist sprayers Non-slip boots Pole ladders Pole pruners Power pruners Protective ear muffs Protective masks Pruning knives Root pruners Rope blocks Safety lanyards Soil sampling probes Stump chippers Swivel carabiners Tree climbing saddles Tree climbing spikes Tree pruning saws Tree trimming chainsaws Tripod ladders Truck-mounted lifts Wheeled front-end loaders Work gloves Knowledge of business and management principles involved in strategic planning, resource allocation, human resources modeling, leadership technique, production methods, and coordination of people and resources. Knowledge of administrative and clerical procedures and systems such as word processing, managing files and records, stenography and transcription, designing forms, and other office procedures and terminology. Knowledge of economic and accounting principles and practices, the financial markets, banking and the analysis and reporting of financial data. Knowledge of principles and methods for showing, promoting, and selling products or services. This includes marketing strategy and tactics, product demonstration, sales techniques, and sales control systems. Knowledge of principles and processes for providing customer and personal services. This includes customer needs assessment, meeting quality standards for services, and evaluation of customer satisfaction. Knowledge of principles and procedures for personnel recruitment, selection, training, compensation and benefits, labor relations and negotiation, and personnel information systems. Knowledge of principles and methods for moving people or goods by air, rail, sea, or road, including the relative costs and benefits. Knowledge of raw materials, production processes, quality control, costs, and other techniques for maximizing the effective manufacture and distribution of goods. Knowledge of techniques and equipment for planting, growing, and harvesting food products (both plant and animal) for consumption, including storage/handling techniques. Knowledge of circuit boards, processors, chips, electronic equipment, and computer hardware and software, including applications and programming. Knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. This includes applying principles, techniques, procedures, and equipment to the design and production of various goods and services. Knowledge of design techniques, tools, and principles involved in production of precision technical plans, blueprints, drawings, and models. Knowledge of materials, methods, and the tools involved in the construction or repair of houses, buildings, or other structures such as highways and roads. Knowledge of machines and tools, including their designs, uses, repair, and maintenance. Knowledge of arithmetic, algebra, geometry, calculus, statistics, and their applications. Knowledge and prediction of physical principles, laws, their interrelationships, and applications to understanding fluid, material, and atmospheric dynamics, and mechanical, electrical, atomic and sub- atomic structures and processes. Knowledge of the chemical composition, structure, and properties of substances and of the chemical processes and transformations that they undergo. This includes uses of chemicals and their interactions, danger signs, production techniques, and disposal methods. Knowledge of plant and animal organisms, their tissues, cells, functions, interdependencies, and interactions with each other and the environment. Knowledge of human behavior and performance; individual differences in ability, personality, and interests; learning and motivation; psychological research methods; and the assessment and treatment of behavioral and affective disorders. Knowledge of group behavior and dynamics, societal trends and influences, human migrations, ethnicity, cultures and their history and origins. Knowledge of principles and methods for describing the features of land, sea, and air masses, including their physical characteristics, locations, interrelationships, and distribution of plant, animal, and human life. Knowledge of the information and techniques needed to diagnose and treat human injuries, diseases, and deformities. This includes symptoms, treatment alternatives, drug properties and interactions, and preventive health-care measures. Knowledge of principles, methods, and procedures for diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of physical and mental dysfunctions, and for career counseling and guidance. Knowledge of principles and methods for curriculum and training design, teaching and instruction for individuals and groups, and the measurement of training effects. Knowledge of the structure and content of the English language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition, and grammar. Knowledge of the structure and content of a foreign (non-English) language including the meaning and spelling of words, rules of composition and grammar, and pronunciation. Knowledge of the theory and techniques required to compose, produce, and perform works of music, dance, visual arts, drama, and sculpture. Knowledge of historical events and their causes, indicators, and effects on civilizations and cultures. Knowledge of different philosophical systems and religions. This includes their basic principles, values, ethics, ways of thinking, customs, practices, and their impact on human culture. Knowledge of relevant equipment, policies, procedures, and strategies to promote effective local, state, or national security operations for the protection of people, data, property, and institutions. Knowledge of laws, legal codes, court procedures, precedents, government regulations, executive orders, agency rules, and the democratic political process. Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting, switching, control, and operation of telecommunications systems. Knowledge of media production, communication, and dissemination techniques and methods. This includes alternative ways to inform and entertain via written, oral, and visual media. Identifying information by categorizing, estimating, recognizing differences or similarities, and detecting changes in circumstances or events. Compiling, coding, categorizing, calculating, tabulating, auditing, or verifying information or data. Using relevant information and individual judgment to determine whether events or processes comply with laws, regulations, or standards. Identifying the underlying principles, reasons, or facts of information by breaking down information or data into separate parts. Keeping up-to-date technically and applying new knowledge to your job. Establishing long-range objectives and specifying the strategies and actions to achieve them. Scheduling events, programs, and activities, as well as the work of others. Developing specific goals and plans to prioritize, organize, and accomplish your work. Using computers and computer systems (including hardware and software) to program, write software, set up functions, enter data, or process information. Providing documentation, detailed instructions, drawings, or specifications to tell others about how devices, parts, equipment, or structures are to be fabricated, constructed, assembled, modified, maintained, or used. Servicing, repairing, calibrating, regulating, fine-tuning, or testing machines, devices, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of electrical or electronic (not mechanical) principles. Communicating with people outside the organization, representing the organization to customers, the public, government, and other external sources. This information can be exchanged in person, in writing, or by telephone or e-mail. Developing constructive and cooperative working relationships with others, and maintaining them over time. Providing personal assistance, medical attention, emotional support, or other personal care to others such as coworkers, customers, or patients. Convincing others to buy merchandise/goods or to otherwise change their minds or actions. Handling complaints, settling disputes, and resolving grievances and conflicts, or otherwise negotiating with others. Performing for people or dealing directly with the public. This includes serving customers in restaurants and stores, and receiving clients or guests. Getting members of a group to work together to accomplish tasks. Encouraging and building mutual trust, respect, and cooperation among team members. Identifying the developmental needs of others and coaching, mentoring, or otherwise helping others to improve their knowledge or skills. Performing day-to-day administrative tasks such as maintaining information files and processing paperwork. Recruiting, interviewing, selecting, hiring, and promoting employees in an organization. Job requires establishing and maintaining personally challenging achievement goals and exerting effort toward mastering tasks. Job requires persistence in the face of obstacles. Job requires a willingness to take on responsibilities and challenges. Job requires a willingness to lead, take charge, and offer opinions and direction. Job requires being pleasant with others on the job and displaying a good-natured, cooperative attitude. Job requires being sensitive to others' needs and feelings and being understanding and helpful on the job. Job requires preferring to work with others rather than alone, and being personally connected with others on the job. Job requires maintaining composure, keeping emotions in check, controlling anger, and avoiding aggressive behavior, even in very difficult situations. Job requires accepting criticism and dealing calmly and effectively with high stress situations. Job requires being open to change (positive or negative) and to considerable variety in the workplace. Job requires being reliable, responsible, and dependable, and fulfilling obligations. Job requires being careful about detail and thorough in completing work tasks. Job requires being honest and ethical. Job requires developing one's own ways of doing things, guiding oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done. Job requires creativity and alternative thinking to develop new ideas for and answers to work-related problems. Job requires analyzing information and using logic to address work-related issues and problems. Occupations that satisfy this work value are results oriented and allow employees to use their strongest abilities, giving them a feeling of accomplishment. Corresponding needs are Ability Utilization and Achievement. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer job security and good working conditions. Corresponding needs are Activity, Compensation, Independence, Security, Variety and Working Conditions. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer advancement, potential for leadership, and are often considered prestigious. Corresponding needs are Advancement, Authority, Recognition and Social Status. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to provide service to others and work with co-workers in a friendly non-competitive environment. Corresponding needs are Co-workers, Moral Values and Social Service. Occupations that satisfy this work value offer supportive management that stands behind employees. Corresponding needs are Company Policies, Supervision: Human Relations and Supervision: Technical. Occupations that satisfy this work value allow employees to work on their own and make decisions. Corresponding needs are Creativity, Responsibility and Autonomy. Primary-Rank Descriptiveness Secondary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness Tertiary-Cutoff/Rank Descriptiveness